

1. You’ll be fine. You’re 25. Feeling [unsure] and lost is part of your path. Don’t avoid it. See what those feelings are showing you and use it. Take a breath. You’ll be okay. Even if you don’t feel okay all the time.
2. You’ve got to be optimistic to be single. Stupid. You have to be stupid. That’s what optimistic means, you know? It means stupid. An optimist is somebody who goes, “Hey, maybe something nice will happen.” Why the fuck would anything nice happen?
3. I don’t stop eating when I’m full. The meal isn’t over when I’m full. It’s over when I hate myself.
4. I finally have the body I want. It’s easy, actually, you just have to want a really shitty body.
5. People say, “My phone sucks.” No, it doesn’t! The shittiest cellphone in the world is a miracle. Your life sucks. Around the phone.
6. Talking is always positive. That’s why I talk too much.
7. I grew up in Boston, and in Boston, people just beat the shit out of each other for no reason. They just beat the shit out of each other. But I kinda think you need that to keep quality control ’cause in places where it doesn’t have it, they’re too free.
8. Some things I think are very conservative, or very liberal. I think when someone falls into one category for everything, I’m very suspicious. It doesn’t make sense to me that you’d have the same solution to every issue.
9. I don’t think women are better than men, I think men are a lot worse than women.
10. When I was younger, I lied all the time, because once you understand the power of lying, it’s really like magic because you transform reality for people.
11. Farts are—I just refuse to be snobbish about certain shit with comedy. You know, farts come out of your ass and they make a fucking trumpet sound. That shit smelling gas comes out of your ass and it makes a toot sound. What the fuck is not funny about that? It’s perfect, it’s a perfect joke. It has all the elements.
12. Kids are like buckets of disease that live in your house.
13. I used to like people more, but now I have children and that changes your life in a lot of ways. Like you spend time with people you never would have chosen to spend time with, not in a million years. I spend whole days with people, I’m like, “I never would have hung out with you. I didn’t choose you. Our children chose each other based on no criteria by the way. They’re the same size. They don’t care who they make me hang out with.”
14. I just don’t trust any of it. Every time I read something about how there’s been another ridiculous climb of the Dow Jones, there’s a part of me that goes, “This can’t be good.” None of this is real money. You know what I mean? It’s not like there’s actually more of anything. It’s just ideas. When people are getting richer and richer but they’re not actually producing anything, it can’t end well.
15. I’ve started to kind of hate people, and it’s not because I have anything against them. It’s just, I enjoy it. It’s recreation.
16. People get angry at environmentalists because they think they’re slowing down the economy and creating restrictions and a lot of these people are Christian. A lot of these people are very devout Christians and that’s such a confusing thing to me — that if you believed that God gave you the Earth, that God created the Earth for you, why would you not have to look after it?…Why would you not think that when he came back he wouldn’t go, “What the fuck did you do? I GAVE THIS TO YOU MOTHERFUCKERS! ARE YOU CRAZY? THE POLAR BEARS ARE BROWN! WHAT DID YOU DO TO THE POLAR BEARS? Did you shit all over every polar bear?”
17. I love to shit. It’s my favorite thing. I don’t know why they call it Number Two. I think it’s easily the best one. In my book, it’s Number One.
18. It’s like when you’re talking to a girl at a bar because you’re attracted to her, the first thing you say is always gonna be dog shit. The most honest thing you could say to her is ‘I wanna fuck your face.’ That’s the most honest thing you could say.
19. As humans, we waste the shit out of our words. It’s sad. We use words like “awesome” and “wonderful” like they’re candy. It was awesome? Really? It inspired awe? It was wonderful? Are you serious? It was full of wonder? You use the word “amazing” to describe a goddamn sandwich at Wendy’s. What’s going to happen on your wedding day, or when your first child is born? How will you describe it? You already wasted “amazing” on a fucking sandwich.
20. I read something in the paper that really confused me the other day. It said that 80 percent of the people in New York are minorities…Shouldn’t you not call them minorities when they get to be 80 percent of the population? That’s a very white attitude, don’t you think? I mean, you could take a white guy to Africa and he’d be like, “Look at all the minorities around here! I’m the only majority.”
21. There are two types of people in the world: People who say they pee in the shower and dirty fucking liars.
22. I killed my Facebook page years ago because time clicking around is just dead time. Your brain isn’t resting and it isn’t doing. I think people have to get their heads around this thing. All this unmitigated input is hurting folks.
23. Drugs are so fucking good that they will ruin your life.
24. It seems like the better it gets, the more miserable people become. There’s never a technological advancement where people think, “Wow, we can finally do this!” And I think a lot of it has to do with advertising. Americans have it constantly drilled into our heads, every fucking day, that we deserve everything to be perfect all the time.
25. A man will cut your arm off and throw it in a river, but he’ll leave you as a human being intact. He won’t fuck with who you are. Women are non-violent, but they will shit inside of your heart.
26. I really think that white people are from another planet because when we came to America, it was so nice. It was just Indians. And they weren’t even Indians. We called them that by accident. And we still call them that. We knew in a month that it wasn’t Indians but we just don’t give a shit. We never correct it. We came here. They’re like, “Hi.” And we’re like, “Hey, you’re Indians, right?” And they’re like, “No.” “No, this is India, right?” “No, it’s not. It’s a totally other place.” “You’re not Indians?” “No.” “Ahh, you’re Indians.” “You’re Indians for hundreds of years after.”
27. Women try to compete. They’re like, “Well I’m a pervert. You don’t know. I have really sick sexual thoughts.” I’m like, “No, you have no idea. You have no idea.” “Cause you see, you get to have those thoughts. I have to have those thoughts. You’re a tourist in sexual perversion. I’m a prisoner there. You’re Jane Fonda on a tank. I’m John McCain in the hut.”
28. I have a lot of beliefs and I live by none of ‘em. That’s just the way I am. They’re just my beliefs. I just like believing them. I like that part.”
29. If you’re older, you’re smarter. I just believe that. If you’re in an argument with someone older than you, you should listen to ‘em. Even if they’re wrong, their wrongness is rooted in more information than you have.
30. Young guys, they’re afraid of women. They’re afraid of their feelings. “My girlfriend’s mad at me!” Well, later she won’t be, fucking calm down. They’re afraid of their bodies, they’re afraid of women’s bodies. “My girlfriend’s having her period, what do I do?” Fuck her in the period hole, you idiot, what’s the dilemma? I don’t give a shit, if you’re having your period, come on over. I’m 41, I’ll fuck the shit out of you, I’ll drink the blood, let’s party.”
31. “Fuck it.” That’s really the attitude that’s keeps a family together. It’s not “We love each other!” It’s “Fuck it.”
32. I did a show in New Jersey in the auditorium of a technical high school … Technical high school, that’s where dreams are narrowed down. We tell our children, “You can do anything you want.” Their whole lives. “You can do anything!” But this place, we take kids — they’re 15, they’re young — and we tell them, “You can do eight things. We got it down to eight for you.”
33. God is like a shitty girlfriend.
34. I wish I could know everything ever, like that would be my wish – that’s what I hope heaven is, that they tell you who shot JFK and all that stuff.
35. Life’s too short to be an asshole, as an employer or as an employee.
36. When you first get married, you have a relationship that’s so important to you, and you’re working on it together. But then you have a kid. And you look at your kid and you go, “Holy shit, this is my child. She has my DNA. She has my name. I would die for her.” And you look at your spouse and go, “Who the fuck are you? You’re a stranger.”
37. “I’m bored” is a useless thing to say. I mean, you live in a great, big, vast world that you’ve seen none percent of. Even the inside of your own mind is endless, it goes on forever, inwardly, do you understand? The fact that you’re alive is amazing, so you don’t get to say “I’m bored.”
38. I’m not an atheist. I think god is there and that he is watching and he made us. I just don’t give a shit. I don’t “believe in god.” I have zero idea how everything got here. I would personally say that, if I had to make a list of possibles, God would be pretty far down. But if I were to make a list of people that know what the fuck they are talking about, I would be really far down.
39. It doesn’t have any effect on your life. What do you care?! People try to talk about it like it’s a social issue. Like when you see someone stand up on a talk show and say, “How am I supposed to explain to my children that two men are getting married?… I dunno. It’s your shitty kid. You fuckin’ tell ‘em. Why is that anyone else’s problem? Two guys are in love and they can’t get married because you don’t want to talk to your ugly child for five fuckin’ minutes?
40. If you do something and people think you’re stupid, just go for crazy. You get more respect that way because nobody likes stupid people.
41. It’s in the Ten Commandments to not take the Lord’s name in vain. Rape is not up there, by the way. Rape is not a Ten Commandment. But don’t say the dude’s name with a shitty attitude.
42. I ate too much and masturbated too recently, you know? It’s bad to like jerk off and run out the door, ’cause you run into somebody. “Oh, she knows…” You got to take some time alone to process the shame.
43. There are people that really live by doing the right thing, but I don’t know what that is, I’m really curious about that. I’m really curious about what people think they’re doing when they’re doing something evil, casually. I think it’s really interesting, that we benefit from suffering so much, and we excuse ourselves from it.
44. If you’re a woman and a guy’s ever said anything romantic to you, he just left off the second part that would have made you sick if you could have heard it.
45. I don’t think you should ever say anything that you’re going to have to apologize for later. If the heat gets hot, just let them get mad. How did somebody make you apologize? Did they literally hit you on your body? Let them be upset. It’s not the worst thing in the world. It doesn’t mean you’re going to be a pauper. It’s a desperate thing to need everybody to be really happy with everything you say. To me the way to manage is not to have 50 versions of yourself. I do this thing, and the next time you’re going to hear me is the next time I do another one. As soon as you crack your knuckles and open up a comments page, you just canceled your subscription to being a good person.
46. I am really tired of looking at my hips. I’m seriously really tired of standing naked in the mirror and staring at my hips for hours and hours while muttering, “You hips. You hips need to get it together.”
47. Everything that’s difficult you should be able to laugh about.
48. Twitter and Facebook and MySpace; all that stuff makes you warped. We’ve all basically given ourselves data entry jobs. I’ve actually heard people say things like, “Aw shit, I have to update my Twitter.” Really? You have to? That’s a big priority for you?
49. Even after 9/11, during the darkest moment of our recent history, the President told us, “Go shopping.” That’s how we were told to uphold American values; go out and fucking buy more shit. So what were we supposed to do?
50. Friends should always tell you the truth. But please don’t.
51. Out of the people that ever were, almost all of them are dead. There are way more dead people, and you’re all gonna die and then you’re gonna be dead for way longer than you’re alive. Like that’s mostly what you’re ever gonna be. You’re just dead people that didn’t die yet.
52. Bill Gates has 90 billion dollars … If I had 90 billion dollars, I wouldn’t have it for long because I would just dream of all the crazy stuff I could do with it. This guy, 90 billion dollars. He could buy every baseball team and make them all wear dresses and still have 88 billion dollars.
53. Divorce is always good news. I know that sounds weird, but it’s true because no good marriage has ever ended in divorce … That would be sad. If two people were married and they were really and they just had a great thing and then they got divorced, that would be really sad. But that has happened zero times.
54. When you write from your gut and let the stuff stay flawed and don’t let anybody tell you to make it better, it can end up looking like nothing else.
55. There’s nowhere I won’t go. As long as it’s horribly, horribly true and/or wrong.

Inbox, fresh
Listen to this jam, show 'em what you got

First things first, I'm the realest (realest)
Drop this and let the whole world feel it (let 'em feel it)
And I'm still in the Murda Bizness
I can hold you down, like I'm givin' lessons in physics (right)
You should want a bad bitch like this (ha)
Drop it low and pick it up just like this (yeah)
Cup of Ace, cup of Goose, cup of Cris
High heels, somethin' worth a half a ticket on my wrist (on my wrist)
Takin' all the liquor straight, never chase that (never)
Rooftop like we bringin' '88 back (what)
Bring the hooks in, where the bass at?
Champagne spillin', you should taste that

I'm so fancy
You already know
I'm in the fast lane
From L.A. to Tokyo
I'm so fancy
Can't you taste this gold
Remember my name, 'bout to blow

I said baby, I do this, I thought that, you knew this
Can't stand no haters and honest, the truth is
And my flow retarded, they speak it, depart it
Swagger on super, I can't shop at no department
Better get my money on time, if they not money, decline
And swear I meant that there so much that they give that line a rewind
So get my money on time, if they not money, decline
I just can't worry 'bout no haters, gotta stay on my grind
Now tell me, who that, who that?
That do that, do that?
Put that paper over all, I thought you knew that, knew that
I be that I-G-G-Y, put my name in bold
I been working, I'm up in here with some change to throw

I'm so fancy
You already know
I'm in the fast lane
From L.A. to Tokyo
I'm so fancy
Can't you taste this gold
Remember my name, 'bout to blow

Trash the hotel
Let's get drunk on the mini bar
Make the phone call
Feels so good getting what I want, yeah
Keep on turning it up
Chandelier swinging, we don't give a fuck
Film star, yeah I'm deluxe
Classic, expensive, you don't get to touch, ow

Still stunting, how you love that
Got the whole world asking how I does that
Hot girl, hands off, don't touch that
Look at that I bet you wishing you could clutch that
Just the way you like it, huh?
You're so good, he's just wishing he could bite it, huh? (say what what?)
Never turn down money
Slaying these hoes, gold trigger on the gun like

I'm so fancy
You already know
I'm in the fast lane
From L.A. to Tokyo
I'm so fancy
Can't you taste this gold
Remember my name, 'bout to blow

Who that, who that, I-G-G-Y
That do that, do that, I-G-G-Y
Who that, who that, I-G-G-Y
(Blow)

Who that, who that, I-G-G-Y
That do that, do that, I-G-G-Y
Who that, who that, I-G-G-Y
(Blow)



Read more: Fancy Lyrics - Iggy Azalea | MetroLyrics

[Intro:]
Yeah we don't wanna do anything to scare your children
That's the last thing we wanna do
We don't wanna scare anybody

[Verse 1:]
Never said it was fair, but still I never knew fear
Not in a million years could you tell me that I'd be here
I just hopped off that lear, my life on another tier
Lifting glasses for cheers, keep that hating out my ear
From country living to county skipping, this would drive you crazy
Check the rate that they pay me a giant could never slay me
Money never a maybe but never forgot my roots
I heard that the top is lonely I wonder if it's the truth
So I'm just climbing, paid off rhyming, now I'm shining could be blinding
Ain't too much real left but right here is where you could find it
This that new... classic, ain't this what you needed?
I'm what amazing look like, you'll recognize it when you see it

[Hook:]
Not where I wanna be but I'm far from home
Just tryna' make it on my own
And unless destiny calls I don't answer phones
This is the line that I walk alone
Ain't no going back now
Don't know where I'm at now
Ain't no going back now
This is the line that I walk alone

[Verse 2:]
I've been counted out, I've been stepped on
I was wide awake and got slept on
I had everything and then lost it
Worked my ass off, I'm exhausted
All this talking about me, just talk about me
I'm here now, they can't walk around me
I'm dedicated, flow elevated
Tell every hater hope you never play it, said I'll never make it
I'm celebrating, and I'm never quitting, no resignation
Took desperate measures out of desperation
I'm a fresh face with no expiration
I know pressure make diamonds so I threw 'em off in this chain
When it's all on the line
I'm who you want in the game
Cause I'm gonna get it and that's fo sure
Can't be like y'all, that's no go
International, and y'all local, got this locked up just like po-po
Every beat get ate, that's ocho
Won't lose oh no that's Yoko.
Been up down like low lows
Still make my own on my solo.
Had to be here to believe it
Think like winners to perceive it
Here to let 'cha know that I mean it
If I speak it, And say keep it
This flow, that's genius
Just think about it, would I think about it?
If I didn't live it, won't ink about it
Married to the money, put a ring around it, what?

[Hook]

[Bridge:]
And everything ain't the way I planned it
But when the smoke clears I'm the last standing
This lifestyle can be so demanding
But I take off like a plane that ain't ever landing

[Hook]

[Outro:]
Ain't no going back now
Ain't no going back now
This is the line and I walk alone

[Verse 1:]
I remember when it used to be simple
But all this cash it just complicates things
And all this money we into
It will drive you crazy but it only makes me go harder
Grow stronger and get tougher when the road get longer
Sometimes you gonna think that it's too much on ya
But think what I'd be doing if this wasn't going on
So I just keep pushing when I'm being pulled in every direction
Now I'm popping so the they watching every step of my progression
Sometimes fame like a curse latched to my blessing
On the road to the riches turning earth into heaven
Dear Lord, if you hear me, I don't need not a new friend near me
Cause I don't want none of that fake love
Cause I'm looking and all of that be made up

[Hook:]
I remember when I wasn't this big
And now ya'll wanna act like ya'll helped me get here
Oh now everybody wanna love me
Try to knock me down but I'm strong
I did all this on my own
Ain't got no time for no new friends
So for now just leave me alone

I don't need y'all anyway [x6]
I don't need y'all

[Verse 2:]
Making each and every song like it might be my last one
But still making sure the cash come
Still ain't forget the times when I didn't have none
Back against the wall feeling like I had to grab some
That's when, I took time and I figured it out
I'd rather deal with the stress more than living without
Take a one way trip to the top one time
Let you have it for a minute now I want mine
Same girl on the cover of the magazine
Was the one hiding pain that you haven't seen
Talking 'bout
No money, no family
Sixteen in the middle of Miami
Same critics love me nowadays couldn't stand me
Now we talking 'bout VMA's and a Grammy
But in due time, turn nothing into something
So now I need money, put it all in my discussions

[Hook]

[Verse 3:]
And if you wasn't here when I was down
Then you won't be here when I'm up
Now the same one you looked over
Be the same one that blew up
Ain't it funny how this life thing works
When you think it's finished is when it all begins
Go from doubts to having the thought it might work
It goes up and down then it starts again
When I reminisce sometimes I can't even keep a dry eye
But my how time flies by when you on top of the world sky high
[Intro - Watch The Duck:]
You ain't the type of lady that's known to fuck around
Keep your mind on your money and you ain't looking to settle down
Girl, you keep it 100, 100, 100
When you're round me
Yeah, that's why I keep it 100, 100, 100
When you're round me
Girl, when you come around me
When you come around me
Yeah, girl you keep it 100, 100, 100 when you're round me
Girl, when you come around me

[Verse 1 - Iggy Azalea:]
Time to keep it 100, I'm a boss chick but he run it
No Michael Kors just Tom Ford
Saint Tropez, I'm like bonjour
In Spain wearing that Balmain
Lanvin, Givenchy
On the top floor of that penthouse
I got ten toads in that concrete
Keep it G with the money, I ain't gotta lie about shit
I don't need your money, I can buy my shit
Heard in the streets that he fucked that bitch
He know I'll put his ass out my shit
Paid one million for that drop six and he got the Glock in my cockpit
Them other chicks he get caught with
I'm the bitch he gonna rock with
They talk shit but we 'bout shit
Fly Aussie on boss shit
When he need to be, where he need to be
I tell him "go on, it ain't no thing to me"
Gotta hit that thing, bring that back
Would you let me thumb through the check if you wanna get sexy
You knew I was high class ass when you met me
My money talk, it's too bad for y'all
Y'all know which shorty's Joe Pesci
I'm a fancy bitch but I'm ratchet
Know every bitch you had ain't never had shit
Respect that, I won't come around, no run around
You better hold me down
And the games, ain't gonna play none
Keep it A1 since day one, yeah

[Hook - Watch The Duck:]
You ain't the type of lady that's known to fuck around
Keep your mind on your money and you ain't looking to settle down
Girl, you keep it 100, 100, 100
When you're round me
Yeah, girl you keep it 100, 100, 100 when you're round me
Girl, when you come around me

[Verse 2 - Iggy Azalea:]
Bank-Rolls'r'us, we got it
You know how we ride
No credit, no debit, no thanks
My clique pay cash everything we buy
See me walking by with my nose in the sky
Make you be like "Damn bitch, can't say hi?"
Then I hop in the drop and I wave goodbye
As I drive through the tunnel looking like Lady Di
Why stress myself when he not there?
Let's see how he likes seeing me out there
You know how many dudes want me out there?
Just stop thinking about it
You got no idea
Don't try me man, you know I will
Throw this brick through your wind shield
Knife your nice new rover whip
The fireplace? Your clothes in there
If I know you two in there
No asking what you doing there
Imma send my crew in there
You two gonna be ruined there
You violate, I demonstrate
Especially if I'm true to you
And when I come around I keep it 100 as usual

[Hook - Watch The Duck]

[Bridge - Watch The Duck & Iggy Azalea:]
100, 100 as usual
(When I come around I keep it 100 as usual)
Imma change your life, Imma change it
Imma change your life (life)

[T.I.:]
Yo, Hustle Gang homey, real talk, no bullshit

[Verse 1 — Iggy Azalea:]
You used to dealing with basic bitches
Basic shit all the time
I'm a new classic, upgrade your status
From a standby to a frequent flyer
Pop out your past life, and I'll renovate your future
Then I integrate my genius shit we purchasin' not perusing,
Yeah, I love your hustle, baby
Just let me add a little bit of muscle, baby

Joint venture, we'll partner up until the shares are up
And I'll up your wages on a private island, dolo
One across the Cono
Them broads before me was locals,
Through customs accustom your wardrobe, damn

Stamped passports where they all pass ports 'til the clocks fast forward
Then we got blue shores where they don't do chores, we just get chauffeured

Damn, this is the life
Exclusive shit with all access granted
In the country where the accents are grand,
And they landing on top of foreign mansions

[Hook 4x:]
Imma change your life, Imma change it
Imma change your life (life)

[Verse 2 — T.I.:]
If you could listen more than you speak
I get you everything that you need
I'm talking 'bout red bottoms LV
Even extensions plugs in your weave
I be blowing on strong weed when we ride
And everybody just lookin'
But ain't no nigga gon' holla
They like nah shawty she tooken
Ima get you up out that coffee shop
Pick you up and leave you marked where you wanna shop,
And let me show you that watch you supposed to wear
Get up out that Honda Civic and get your ass in here
Tell your mom and dad you're straight,
Don't worry 'bout it you got it
You fly over in coach and fly back in a jet
Hustle gang got your chest,
Ain't no time for stress

[Iggy Azalea:]
We spend our Winters in the Summer of Australia
Eating crumpets with the sailors
On acres without the neighbors
We fast-forward four years more
We long way from piss-poor,
And all the shit that we endure
I told you what you was in for so

[Hook 4x:]
Imma change your life, Imma change it
Imma change your life (life)

Once you go great, you never go good
You never go back, even if you could
I'll show you my way, I got that good-good
You never go back, even if you could

Have you ever wished your life would change?
Woke up and you lived your dreams
Baby I could help you make that change
I could show you how to do this thing

Have you ever wished your life would change?
Woke up and you lived your dreams
Baby I could help you make that change
I can show ya, show ya (show ya, show ya...)

[Hook 4x]

Once you go great, you never go good
You never go back, even if you could
I'll show you my way, I got that good-good
You never go back, even if you could

[Outro:]
Once you go grace, you never go good
Imma change your life, Imma change it
Imma change your life (life)
I'll show you my way, I got that good-good
Imma change your life, Imma change it
Imma change your life (life)

[Verse 1]
He got a house that's too big
Sits on a hill in the valley
Said he trying to move on with life but he still wanna be a good daddy
So I sit in the ride cause I don't want us overlapping
Spendin' money on Mac, that's cute, I get checks from them in Paris
Better check my tax bracket
What you think was gonna happen
Naggin', now he's had it
And y'all fell off like Mad Men
These exes excessively hatin' on the next bitch
She's no housewife, just desperate
I know it's hard to let go but accept it

[Pre-hook]
Cause the whole world is watchin'
And the paparazzi is flockin'
Cause we fly shit when we drop in
And we shut down your party
'His' and 'her' gold chains
Gold watches, everything
His old girl, she gon' hate
They gon' have something to say

[Hook]
When I hop out his new six
Fresh in some new shit
"Damn, she is too thick, who is this?"
Yeah I'm his new bitch
I'm his new bitch
And I'm spending his new cash
Few trips, new bags
Damn, she is too bad
Oh you mad?
That I'm his new bitch
Yeah, I'm his new bitch

[Interlude - Spoken]
She be the one that be like
"Hey, girl, what's up? You in town?"
Yes, I'm in town, kissing ---- on the face, and you know this
So just say it

[Verse 2]
It's always jealous broads wishing they was in my shoes
But I'm a debut, you a deja vu
Girl, you know the drill, I got a couple loose screws
Driving, riding, all black suits up
Up north in a coupe before I meet him with the crew
And what I do, it can't be compared
You well done and bitch I'm rare
So stop popping up unexpected
Stop sending threats and text messages
We too grown for this messy shit
This will be my last conversation
If you don't want no problems, move yourself from the equation

[Pre-hook]

[Hook]

[Bridge]
Tell your friends to tell their friends too
He got a new chick but it ain't you
I'm just saying, you know it's true
Cry a river and swim on through
I know you hoping we won't make it
Clyde and Bonnie, let the world chase us
Ride or die where the world takes us
If we end up poor or rich and famous
I'm all he needs and more chick
His home chick
His tour chick
His 4th finger, left hand chick
And all those people go 'Damn, chick'

Walk a mile in these Louboutins
But they don't wear these shits where I'm from
I'm not hating, I'm just telling you
I'm tryna let you know what the fuck that I've been through

[Verse 1:]
Two feet in the red dirt, school skirt
Sugar cane, back lane
3 jobs took years to save
But I got a ticket on that plane
People got a lot to say
But don't know shit bout where I was made
Or how many floors that I had to scrub
Just to make it past where I am from

[3x:]
No money, no family. 16 in the middle of Miami.

[Hook:]
I've been up all night, tryna get that rich
I've been work, work, work, work, working on my shit
Milked the whole game twice gotta get it how I live
I've been work, work, work, work, working on my shit
Now get this work
Now get this work
Now get this work
Now get this work
Working on my shit

[Verse 2:]
You can hate it or love it
Hustle and the struggle is the only thing I'm trusting
Thoroughbred in a mud brick before the budget
White chick on that Pac shit
My passion was ironic
And my dreams were uncommon
Guess I gone crazy, first deal changed me
Robbed blind basically raped me
Rose through the bullshit like a matador
Just made me madder and adamant to go at 'em
And even the score
So, I went harder
Studied the Carters till a deal was offered
Slept cold on the floor recording
At 4 in the morning and now I'm passing the bar
Like a lawyer
Immigrant, art ignorant
Ya ill intent was insurance for my benefit
Hate to be inconsiderate, but the industry took my innocence
Too late, now I'm in this bitch!
You don't know the half
This shit get real
Valley girls giving
Blow jobs for Louboutins
What you call that?
Head over heels?

[3x:]
No money, no family. 16 in the middle of Miami.

[Hook:]
I've been up all night, tryna get that rich
I've been work, work, work, work, working on my shit
Milked the whole game twice gotta get it how I live
I've been work, work, work, work, working on my shit
Now get this work
Now get this work
Now get this work
Now get this work
Working on my shit

[Verse 3:]
Pledge allegiance to the struggle
Ain't been easy
But cheers to Peezy for the weeks we lived out of duffel
Bags is all we had
Do anything for my Mama, I love you
One day I'll pay you back
For the sacrifice
That ya managed to muscle
16 you sent me through customs
So...
All aboard my spaceship to Mercury
Turn first at the light that's in front of me
Cause every night Imma do it like it's my last
This dream is all that I need
Cause it's all that I ever had

[Outro 2x:]
Now get this work
Now get this work
Now get this work
Now get this work
Working on my shit
Never quit until the clock stops
And never die out until your heart drops
Success will separate you from the have nots
And have all these haters at your neck like an ascot

You could do it too young world
I remember being exactly like you young girl
But wait, you could do it too young man
See you'll be fine as long as on your own two you stand

Keep on living, keep on breathing
Even when you don't believe it
Keep on climbing, keep on reaching
Even when this world can't see it
No, impossible is nothing
Even when you don't believe it
Impossible is nothing
Even when this world can't see it
Impossible is nothing

Got to hate to not have it more than you'd love to obtain
That your future's around the corner, so close you can almost taste it
It get worse before it's better, that storm you gone have to weather
Either be a busted pipe or a diamond due to this pressure
25 hours 8 days out the week
Focus, keep eyes open, victory never sleeps
My prayer for you is that you hit all them goals you trynna reach
I even hope at one point that you take it farther than me

Keep on living, keep on breathing
Even when you don't believe it
Keep on climbing, keep on reaching
Even when this world can't see it
No, impossible is nothing
Even when you don't believe it
Impossible is nothing
Even when this world can't see it
Impossible is nothing

I shall never let them see me sweat
Promise to want for more until my very last breath
Promise to blaze a path and leave a trail for the next
And never sell out my soul for any number on a cheque

I shall never let them see me sweat
Promise to want for more till my very last breath
Promise to blaze a path and leave a trail for the next
Just promise me when I'm gone you won't forget

Keep on living, keep on breathing
Even when you don't believe it
Keep on climbing, keep on reaching
Even when this world can't see it
No, impossible is nothing
Even when you don't believe it
Impossible is nothing
Even when this world can't see it
Impossible is nothing

[Verse 1 - Iggy Azalea:]
Ain't this what y'all need me for
You done pissed me off what is y'all leaving for
Oh what? A white girl with a flow ain't been seen before
Bow down until your knees get sore
Treat Neimans like a grocery store
Selfridges get the same rapport
Ask Bey' when we off on tour
Hopping out a fly whip screaming "This ain't yours"
How famous can one get 'fore she get tired
One phone call that make all the money get wired
Uh, spit fire that'll burn down an empire
20 deep in the sprinter tryn the Benz tires
Wave hello when I breeze by ya
Make enough in ten months
I could live off or retire (woo)
But I just won’t quit
Tryna figure out which part of this you just don’t get huh

[Hook:]
Lord, lemme know if you got this
Preaching about prophets
It ain’t no one man can stop us
Bow down to a Goddess, bow down to a Goddess, bow down to a Goddess
It ain’t no one man can stop us
Bow down to a Goddess
Goddess! Got it?

[Verse 2 - Iggy Azalea:]
Same critics wondered if I had it in me
Now want me to play friendly
But how the hell you play friendly when the mention of my name could cause a media frenzy
The cameras flash everywhere, make it hard to miss me
Lately I been crazy 'til a psych will commit me
After any competition coming up against me
You think it’s anything better, then come convince me
Until then I’ll be leading the race
So bow down, put your knee to your face
While I make wine outta water, turn rappers into martyrs
Set it off whenever I-G-G in the place, uh
Young rapper, Goddess
Y'all a boring read like Rapper’s Digest
I could never see you fall like I skip through August
I’m thinkin' bout now would be the time to start this

[Hook]

[Bridge x2:]
Put your hands to the sky
But only if you feel the vibe
They wanna bury me alive but y'all know real gods never die

[Hook x2]

[Hook — Rita Ora:]
I'm gonna love ya
Until you hate me
And I'm gonna show ya
What's really crazy
You should've known better
Than to mess with me, honey
I'm gonna love ya, I'm gonna love ya
Gonna love ya, gonna love ya
Like a black widow, baby

[Iggy Azalea:]
This twisted cat and mouse game always starts the same
First we're both down to play then somehow you go astray
We went from nothing to something, liking to loving
It was us against the world and now we just fucking
It's like I loved you so much and now I just hate you
Feeling stupid for all the time that I gave you
I wanted all or nothing for us ain't no place in between
Might, might be me believing what you say that you never mean
Like it'll last forever but now forever ain't as long
If it wasn't for you I wouldn't be stuck singing this song
You were different from my last but now you got it mirrored
And as it all plays out I see it couldn't be clearer
Now sing

[Pre-Hook — Rita Ora:]
You used to be thirsty for me
But now you wanna be set free
This is the web, web that you weave
So baby now rest in peace (It's all over with now)

[Hook — Rita Ora:]
I'm gonna love ya
Until you hate me (Right)
And I'm gonna show ya (Show 'em what show 'em what)
What's really crazy
You should've known better
Than to mess with me, honey (it's all over with now)
I'm gonna love ya, I'm gonna love ya
Gonna love ya, gonna love ya
Like a black widow, baby

Black, black widow, baby

[Iggy Azalea:]
I'm gonna l-l-l-love you until it hurts
Just to get you I'm doing whatever works
You've never met nobody
That'll do you how I do ya
That will bring you to your knees
Praise Jesus hallelujah
I'm-a make you beg for it, plead for it
Till you feel like you breathe for it
Till you do any and everything for it
I want you to fiend for it
Wake up and dream for it
Till it's got you gasping for air
And you lean for it
'Till they have a CAT scan and check on your mind
And it's nothing but me, on it (on it, on it, on it)
Now it's me-time believe that
If it's yours when you want it
I wouldn't promise I need that
Till I'm everywhere that you be at
I can't fall back go quick
Cause this here a fatal attraction so I take it all or I don't want shit

[Pre-Hook — Rita Ora:]
You used to be thirsty for me (Right)
But now you wanna be set free
This is the web, web that you weave
So baby now rest in peace (It's all over with now)

[Hook — Rita Ora:]
I'm gonna love ya
Until you hate me (Right)
And I'm gonna show ya (Show 'em what show 'em what)
What's really crazy
You should've known better
Than to mess with me, honey
I'm gonna love ya, I'm gonna love ya
Gonna love ya, gonna love ya
Like a black widow, baby

Bl-bl-bla-black widow, baby

No pussyhole can come in our place
In our arena, in our establishment
And try talk the talk and walk the walk
And act like them don't know where we from
Like we don't have the biggest in hundred
Iggy, what you say?
What you say?
Bullet!

[Hook x2:]
Classic, Sinatra
Bad, Phantom of the Opera
Shuffle the deck, I be the queen in the pack
Gotcha, Lady Patra

[Verse 1: Iggy Azalea]
Paper planes, roger that, 10-4
Got money, been had it, still gettin' more
Oh y'all in the building, but on different floors
Y'all couldn't see it how we see it on ya tippie-toes
Iggy so killing, so pretty, still pretty
Talkin' hits on hits, McGuire, Bonds, Griffey
Mash it up bring the queens of the dancehall with me
Pearl handle on the pistol, tell this world to come and get me
And I'm thummin' through designers to pick which'll fit me proper
Paid dues, climbed through the ranks, but we ain't Shabba
Need me a rude boy, something straight out the shockers
That could drive a girl crazy, all the way off my rocker
Versaces over eyelids, lookin' like Biggie Poppa
No they thought I wouldn't make it, I'm lookin' like what's the matter?
But tell them money talks, and them man not saying nada
This the new classic, signed sincerely, Lady Patra

[Hook x2]

[Verse 2: Mavado]
She's special and phenomenal
Body strong like a stallion
She got me wild like an animal
Chop it up, eh pon de floor
Chop it up, eh pon de floor
You put your whine dynamical
Billion dollar shit, trillion dollar looks
Tell them broke bitch, read it in the books
Your thing turn up, you got Louis on your foot
You know you got gully on the hook
It's the [?]

[Hook x2]

[Verse 3: Mavado]
Said she need a real man
Oh yes she want a real one
So she fuck with a Jamaican
Done (haha!)
Your body lookin' like a billion dollar
The baddest bitch you ever seen
The one I want to be my baby mama
I fuck her like my enemy

[Hook x2]


[Hook:]
Fuck love, give me diamonds
Fuck love, give me diamonds
Fuck love, give me diamonds
Fuck love, give me diamonds
I'm already in love with myself
So in love with myself
I'm already in love with myself
Fuck love, give me diamonds

[Verse 1:]
So you want a type of bitch that'll stay at home
But I'm too busy getting mine on
So the kinda girl you want
Boy you need to call Tyrone
I don't need your help
I can take care of myself
I might get into the money
Baby, couldn't you tell?
I'm much chillin in Euro
Making a whole lotta euros
Yeah my money so plural
Honey that's what I do though

You can't break my heart
You can't take my pride
Oh no, that love shit, I won't do it

[Hook]

[Verse 2:]
Y'all dudes is a hot damn mess
I'm way too blessed to be stressed
So I don't want no boyfriend
Just give me them checks
What if I'm a material girl?
Can't blame me I live in a material world
It's crazy, this much it should be making me hurl
Big baby, I know you want a taste of the pearl
It's my life, I'm a do who I want to
Do what I want to, and I don't want you
Alright, see my times gonna cost you
And all my love don't cost a thing

You can't break my heart
You can't take my pride
Oh no, that love shit, I won't do it

[Hook]

Fuck love, fuck love, fuck love
That love shit I won't do it
Fuck love, fuck love, fuck love
That love shit I won't do it

