“And finally, the most important break up rule: no matter who broke your heart, or how long it takes to heal, you’ll never go through it, without your friends.” –Season 2 Episode 1

“That was the day I came face to face with my freak: the frightening woman whose fear ate her sanity. The truth is, it isn’t just the men. It’s all of us. Anyone who’s single in Manhattan gets a little freaked out from time to time. But we keep trying, because you have to figure… If the world’s fattest twins can find love, there’s hope for all of us. Somewhere out there is another little freak who will love us, understand us… and kiss our three heads and make it all better. And in the meantime, we always have Manhattan.” -Season 2 Episode 3

“While women are certainly no strangers to faking it… we faked our hair color, cup-size. Hell, we’ve even faked fur. I couldn’t help but wonder, has fear of being alone suddenly raised the bar on faking? Is it better to fake it than be alone?” -Season 3 Episode 4

“Stop being a bitch.” “I’m not being a bitch. I’m just being myself.” –Season 2 Episode 10

“You can’t swing a Fendi purse without knocking over 5 losers. Where did all the great guys go?” -Season 2 Episode 13

“Do you have to play games to make a relationship work?” -Season 2 Episode 13

“The most important thing in life is your family. There are days you love them and others you don’t, but in the end they’re the people you always come home to. Sometimes it’s the family you’re born into. And sometimes it’s the one you make for yourself.” –Season 2 Episode 15

“We keep dresses we’ll never wear again, but we throw away our ex-boyfriends.” –Season 2 Episode 18

“Maybe some women aren’t meant to be tamed. Maybe they need to run free. Until they find someone, just as wild to run with.” –Season 2 Episode 18

“It’s really because women just wanna be rescued.” -Season 3 Episode 1

“Every woman has a male inside of her.” –Season 3 Episode 4

“Isn’t that what you couples do? Support each other’s silly dreams?” –Season 3 Episode 5

“How many men is too many men?” –Season 3 Episode 6

“Sometimes, I would buy Vogue instead of dinner. I just felt it fed me more.” –Season 4 Episode 2

“It’s the flaws that make them so much more beautiful.” –Season 4 Episode 2

“His words say no but his kiss says yes.” –Season 4 Episode 6

“Can you ever really forgive, if you can’t forget?” -Season 4 Episode 7

“Are men just women with balls?” –Season 4 Episode 10

“Wrong ring, wrong guy.” –Season 4 Episode 12

“The hard thing about fighting in relationships is that there’s no referee. There’s no one to tell you which comments are below the belt. As a result, someone usually gets hurt.” –Season 4 Episode 13

“I admit it’s tempting to wish for the perfect boss, or the perfect parent, or the perfect outfit, but the best anyone of us can do is not quit. Play the hand we’ve been given, and accessorize the outfit we’ve got. –Season 4 Episode 17

“Can you make a mistake and miss your fate?” –Season 4 Episode 18

“Maybe our mistakes are what make our fate. Without them, what would shape our lives?” -Season 4 Episode 18

“Otherwise, how do you bounce back when reality batters your belief system and love does not, as promised, conquer all? Is hope a drug we need to go off of, or is it keeping us alive? What’s the harm in believing?” -Season 5 Episode 2

“Babies come into this world with a clean slate. We fuck them up.” -Season 5 Episode 3

“I like my money where I can see it, hanging in my closet.” –Season 6 Episode 1

“All women pick (on men). It’s part of our DNA. It’s our little way of showing that we care.” –Season 6 Episode 4

“Miranda, how do you not love Miranda?” -Season 6 Episode 4

“Do you need distance, to get close?” –Season 6 Episode 6

“Do we search for lessons to lessen the pain?” –Season 6 Episode 7

“Abso-fuckin-lutely.” –Season 6 Episode 20

“But the most exciting, challenging, and significant relationship of all, is the one you have with yourself.” –Season 6 Episode 20

“And we were dressed from head to toe in love, the style that never goes out of fashion.” –Sex And The City Movie

“We made a deal ages ago. Men, babies, it doesn’t matter.” We’re soul mates. –Sex And The City 2 TC Mark

Samantha: You men have no idea what we're dealing with down there. Teeth placement, and jaw stress, and suction, and gag reflex, and all the while bobbing up and down, moaning and trying to breathe through our noses. Easy? Honey, they don't call it a job for nothing.
11 of 11 found this interesting | Share this
Carrie: The most important thing in life is your family. There are days you love them, and others you don't. But, in the end, they're the people you always come home to. Sometimes it's the family you're born into and sometimes it's the one you make for yourself.
10 of 10 found this interesting | Share this
Charlotte: How can you forget a guy you've slept with?
Carrie: Toto, I don't think we're in single digits anymore.
7 of 7 found this interesting | Share this
Carrie: Have you ever been in love?
Mr. Big: Abso-fucking-lutely
6 of 6 found this interesting | Share this
Carrie: I will never be the woman with the perfect hair, who can wear white and not spill on it.
6 of 6 found this interesting | Share this
Samantha: You dated Mr. Big. I'm dating Mr. Too Big.
5 of 5 found this interesting | Share this
Charlotte: Is it so much to ask that you not wear your dress up around your see-you-next-Tuesday?
Samantha: My what?
Charlotte: See... you... next
Carrie: Tuesday? Oh my god, was that a Schoolhouse Rock I missed?
5 of 5 found this interesting | Share this
Carrie: Your girl is lovely Hubbell.
Mr. Big: I don't get it.
Carrie: And you never did.
5 of 5 found this interesting | Share this
Samantha: Fuck me badly once, shame on you. Fuck me badly twice, shame on me.
5 of 5 found this interesting | Share this
Miranda: Sexy is what I try to get them to see after I win them over with my personality.
4 of 4 found this interesting | Share this
Samantha: I remember when Danny had more than one thought, and they all involved going up my ass.
Charlotte: You had sex with Danny?
Samantha: Sure, he's cute, straight and we've known him for ten years. Haven't we all had sex with Danny?
Carrie: Oh yeah, that one weekend I was bored.
Charlotte: Just a New Year's Eve kiss.
Miranda: I showed him a boob in a coat checkroom.
Carrie: Just one?
Miranda: I sensed he couldn't commit.
4 of 4 found this interesting | Share this
Carrie: The universe may not always play fair, but at least it's got a hell of a sense of humor.
4 of 4 found this interesting | Share this
Miranda: I once was broken up with by a guy's doorman: "I'm sorry Ms. Hobbes, Jonathan won't be coming down. Ever."
4 of 4 found this interesting | Share this
Miranda: What's the big mystery? It's my clitoris, not the sphinx.
Carrie: I think you just found the title of your autobiography.
4 of 4 found this interesting | Share this
Carrie: Balls are to men what purses are to women. It's just a little bag, but we'd feel naked in public without it.
4 of 4 found this interesting | Share this
Carrie: So what are we going to do? Sit around bars, sipping Cosmos and sleeping with strangers when we're eighty?
3 of 3 found this interesting | Share this
Miranda: After years of odd men, God is throwing me a bone.
Carrie: And possibly a boner as well.
3 of 3 found this interesting | Share this
Samantha: The country runs better with a good looking man in the White House. I mean, look what happened with Nixon; no one wanted to fuck him, so he fucked everyone.
3 of 3 found this interesting | Share this
Carrie: I revealed too much too soon. I was emotionally slutty.
3 of 3 found this interesting | Share this
Miranda: Do any of you have a completely unremarkable friend or maybe a houseplant I could go to dinner with on Saturday night?
3 of 3 found this interesting | Share this
Miranda: Soulmates only exist in the Hallmark aisle at Duane Reid Drugs.
3 of 3 found this interesting | Share this
Carrie: Here, swear. Swear on Chanel.
3 of 3 found this interesting | Share this
Carrie: It's a slippery slope. First you're going once a week, and then it's three times a week, and then the next thing you know, you're starting every sentence with, "My shrink says".
Miranda: My shrink says thats a very common fear.
3 of 3 found this interesting | Share this
Miranda: I said no white, no ivory, no nothing that says 'virgin'. I have a child. The jig is up.
3 of 3 found this interesting | Share this
Natasha: Yes, I'm sorry about it all. I'm sorry that he moved to Paris and fell in love with me. I'm sorry we ever got married. I'm sorry he cheated on me with you, and I'm sorry that I pretended to ignore it for as long as I did. I'm sorry I found you in my apartment, fell down the stairs, and broke my tooth. I'm very sorry that after much painful dental surgery, this tooth is still a different color than this tooth. Finally, I'm very sorry that you felt the need to come down here. Now not only have you ruined my marriage, you've ruined my lunch.
4 of 5 found this interesting | Share this
Samantha: I once dated a guy 'cause he had a pool. I'd go over and get all cocoa-buttered up. His mom brought my Kool-Aid
Carrie: Kool-Aid?
Samantha: Yeah, I was thirteen! And honey, you should have seen my tan!
2 of 2 found this interesting | Share this
Samantha: There isn't enough wall space in New York City to hang all of my exes. Let me tell you, a lot of them were hung.
2 of 2 found this interesting | Share this
Samantha: I'll admit I have had to polish myself off once or twice, but yes, when I RSVP to a party, I make it my business to come.
2 of 2 found this interesting | Share this
Samantha: What am I supposed to say? "Hi, this is my lesbian lover. And p.s.: I'm done with dick"?
2 of 2 found this interesting | Share this
Miranda: Okay, I'm definitely in the slow sexual group if even Charlotte is open to this.
2 of 2 found this interesting | Share this
Miranda: I'm fine... but Charlotte, maybe your "hmmm hmmm" would like an order of fries?
2 of 2 found this interesting | Share this
Charlotte: Can you have an affair with your own husband?
2 of 2 found this interesting | Share this
Charlotte: We finally have the penis working. I don't want to scare it.
2 of 2 found this interesting | Share this
Anthony Marantino: I am sleeping and walking! Sleeping and walking! How am I doing that?
2 of 2 found this interesting | Share this
Miranda: I'm gonna ask you an unpleasant question now- why did you ever say yes?
Carrie: The man you love kneels down in the street and offers you a ring, you say yes that's what you do.
2 of 2 found this interesting | Share this
Carrie: My Zen teacher also said the only way to true happiness is to live in the moment and not be worried about the future.
2 of 2 found this interesting | Share this
Miranda: I didn't tell Walker I was pregnant.
Carrie: Miranda!
Miranda: It didn't come up! If Walker had said to me, "Have you given birth recently?", I would have said, "Well, first of all, define recently."
2 of 2 found this interesting | Share this
Charlotte: Will you please not use the f-word in Vera Wang?
2 of 2 found this interesting | Share this
Stanford: Oh, my god, she's fashion roadkill!
2 of 2 found this interesting | Share this
Carrie: It's the end of an era.
2 of 3 found this interesting | Share this
Stanford: I don't like having anything inserted in my anus, even though it may come as a surprise.
1 of 1 found this interesting | Share this
Stanford: It's so not fair. All the good ones are straight... even the gay ones.
1 of 1 found this interesting | Share this
Samantha: Well, I don't know how you people do it. All that emotional chow-chow. It's exhausting.
1 of 1 found this interesting | Share this
Charlotte: I read that if you don't have sex for a year, you can actually become "revirginized".
1 of 1 found this interesting | Share this
Samantha: You get married and hope for the best. If it doesn't work out you'll get divorced. You can take tap with Bojangles over here.
Carrie: No I can't take a vow of for ever and ever if what I mean is for the forseeable future. I couldn't do that to Aiden.
1 of 1 found this interesting | Share this
Miranda: I'm dating skid-marks guy. When your boyfriend is so comfortable that he cannot be bothered to wipe his ass, that's the end of romance, right there.
1 of 1 found this interesting | Share this
Charlotte: Carrie, you're right, you have to tell him. But not before the wedding, it's supposed to be my week.
Miranda: It's you day. You get a day.
1 of 1 found this interesting | Share this
Charlotte: Allow me to get right to the point. After careful consideration, I have decided that this is the year I am getting married.
1 of 1 found this interesting | Share this
Samantha: You have a lot of nerve telling me to get a wax. If you were in Aruba the natives could bead your back. And it's not just there: every time I blow you I feel like I'm flossing.
1 of 1 found this interesting | Share this
Samantha: I'm a tri-sexual. I'll try anything once.
1 of 1 found this interesting | Share this

100. I'd rather let a thousand guilty men go free than chase after them. -Chief Wiggum

99. Well, crying isn't gonna bring him back, unless your tears smell like dog food. So you can either sit there crying and eating can after can of dog food until your tears smell enough like dog food to make your dog come back, or you can go out there and find your dog. -Homer Simpson

98. Go out on a Tuesday? Who am I, Charlie Sheen? -Marge Simpson

97. It's all over, people! We don't have a prayer! -Reverend Lovejoy

96. Now we play the waiting game...Ahh, the waiting game sucks. Let's play Hungry Hungry Hippos! -Homer Simpson

95. Trust me, Bart, it's better to walk in on both your parents than on just one of them. -MilhouseNed Flanders, The Simpsons Van Houten

94. There's only one thing to do at a moment like this: strut! -Bart Simpson

93. Unshrink you? Well that would require some sort of a Rebigulator, which is a concept so ridiculous it makes me want to laugh out loud and chortle... -Professor Frink

92. Wait a minute. Bart's teacher is named 'Krabappel'? Oh, I've been calling her 'Crandall.' Why didn't anyone tell me? Ohhh, I've been making an idiot out of myself! -Homer Simpson

91. Boy, I tell ya, they only come out at night. Or in this case, the daytime. -Chief Wiggum

90. Hi, I'm Troy McClure. You might remember me from such self-help videos as "Smoke Yourself Thin" and "Get Confident, Stupid." -Troy McClure

89. I used to be with it, but then they changed what "it" was, and now what I'm with isn't it. And what's "it" seems weird and scary to me. -Grampa Simpson

88. It tastes like...burning. -Ralph Wiggum
Principal Skinner, The Simpsons
87. This is a thousand monkeys working at a thousand typewriters. Soon they'll have written the greatest novel known to man. Let's see. It was the best of times, it was the "blurst" of times! You stupid monkey! -Mr. Burns

86. We want chilly-willy! We want chilly-willy! -Barney Gumble

85. (on phone) Lord, give me guidance...That's right, the guidance department. Thank you, Mrs. Lord. -Principal Skinner

84. But look! I got some cool pogs: Alf pogs! Remember Alf? He's back...in pog form! -Milhouse Van Houten

83. Ha ha wha. Oh, sorry I'm late. There was trouble at the lab with the running and the exploding and the crying when the monkeys stole the glasses off my head. Wh-ha ha. -Professor Frink

82. "We the purple?" What the hell was that? –Father of losing child contestant

81. Ow, my eye! I'm not supposed to get pudding in it. -Lenny

80. A philaGrampa Simpson, The Simpsonsnthropist. A humanitarian. A man of peace. These are just a few of the men who have come to spit on Montgomery Burns' grave. -Kent Brockman

79. Sit perfectly still. Only I may dance. -Conan O'Brien

78. I wash myself with a rag on a stick. – Future Bart Simpson

77. People, please. We're all frightened and horny, but we can't let some killer dolphins keep us from living and scoring! -Mayor Quimby

76. My Homer is not a communist. He may be a liar, a pig, an idiot, a communist, but he is not a porn star. -Grampa Simpson

75. Save me, Jebus! -Homer Simpson

74. Bake him away, toys. -Chief Wiggum

73. Hey, everybody! I'm a stupid moron with an ugly face and big butt and my butt smells and...I like to kiss my own butt. -Moe the Bartender
Bart Simpson, The Simpsons
72. Does anybody hear me complaining about the breasts? -Krusty the Clown

71. Another day, another box of stolen pens. -Homer Simpson

70. Feels like I'm wearing nothing at all...nothing at all...nothing at all! -Ned Flanders

69. Aren't we forgetting the true meaning of Christmas: the birth of Santa. -Bart Simpson

68. I'd be mortified if someone ever made a lousy product with the Simpson name on it. -Lisa Simpson

67. Oh bApu, The Simpsonsoy, dinnertime. The perfect break between work and drunk! -Homer Simpson

66. I don't get mad, I get stabby. -Fat Tony

65. Tonight, on "Wings"... ah, who cares? -TV Announcer

64. Inflammable means flammable? What a country. -Dr. Nick Riviera

63. I can't believe you don't shut up! -Apu Nahasapeemapetilon

62. Ah, alcohol and night-swimming. It's a winning combination. –Lenny

61. I would kill everyone in this room for a drop of sweet beer. -Homer Simpson

60. My eyes! The goggles do nothing! -Rainer Wolfcastle
Ralph Wiggum, The Simpsons
59. Priceless like a mother's love, or the good kind of priceless? -Bart Simpson

58. Science. What's science ever done for us? TV off. -Moe the Bartender

57. Chocolate microscopes? -Ralph Wiggum

56. Oops, lost a nail. Well, that's leprosy for you. -Mr. Burns

55. I'm filled with piss and vinegar! At first, I was just filled with vinegar. -Grampa Simpson

54. Miss Simpson, do you find something funny about the word "tromboner"? -Mr. Largo

53. Ya useMarge Simpson, The Simpsonsd me, Skinner! YA USED ME! -Groundskeeper Willie

52. Well, he's kind of had it in for me ever since I accidently ran over his dog. Actually, replace "accidently" with "repeatedly," and replace "dog" with "son." -Lionel Hutz

51. I don't mind if you pee in the shower, but only if you're taking a shower. -Marge Simpson

50. Hi, you've reached the Corey Hotline -- $4.95 a minute. Here are some words that rhyme with Corey: gory, story, allegory, Montessori... -Corey Hotline

49. Ladies and gentlemen, what you are seeing is a total disregard for the things St. Patrick's Day stand for. All this drinking, violence, destruction of property. Are these the things we think of when we think of the Irish? -Kent Brockman

48. WeNelson Muntz, The Simpsonsll, if by "wank" you mean educational fun, then stand back, it's wanking time! -Principal Skinner

47. Shoplifting is a victimless crime. Like punching someone in the dark. -Nelson Muntz

46. This is Papa Bear. Put out an APB for a male suspect, driving a...car of some sort, heading in the direction of...you know, that place that sells chili. Suspect is hatless. Repeat, hatless. -Chief Wiggum

45. Stupid sexy Flanders! -Homer Simpson

44. Inside every hardened criminal beats the heart of a ten-year-old boy. -Bart Simpson

43. It's not easy to juggle a pregnant wife and a troubled child, but somehow I managed to fit in eight hours of TV a day. -Homer Simpson

42. Chat away. I'll just amuse myself with some pornographic playing cards. -Mayor Quimby

41. WheComic Book Guy, The Simpsonsn are they gonna get to the fireworks factory? (begins to cry) –Milhouse Van Houten

40. Oh, loneliness and cheeseburgers are a dangerous mix. -Comic Book Guy

39. Skinner said the teachers will crack any minute purple monkey dishwasher. –Random Teacher

38. Just because I don't care doesn't mean that I don't understand. -Homer Simpson

37. My bones are so brittle. But I always drink plenty of...malk? -Bart Simpson

36. Me fail English? That's unpossible. -Ralph Wiggum

35. La...tex con...dome. Boy, I'd like to live in one of those! -Grampa Simpson

34. When a woman says nothing's wrong, that means everything's wrong. And when a woman says everything's wrong, that means everything's wrong. And when a woman says something's not funny, you'd better not laugh your ass off. -Homer Simpson
Moe the Bartender, The Simpsons
33. Ironic, isn't it, Smithers? This anonymous clan of slack-jawed troglodytes has cost me the election. And yet, if I were to have them killed, I would be the one to go to jail. That's democracy for you. -Mr. Burns

32. Oh boy. Looks like it's suicide again for me. -Moe the Bartender

31. I'm trying to be a sensitive father, you unwanted moron! -Homer Simpson

30. Talking out of turn...that's a paddling. Looking out the window...that's a paddling. Staring at my sandals...that's a paddling. Paddling the school canoe...ooh, you better believe that's a paddling. -Jasper

29. How can I prove we're live? Penis! -Kent Brockman

28. Now make like my pants, and split. -Comic Book Guy

27. For the next five minutes, I'm going to party like it's on sale for $19.99. -Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
Krusty the Clown, The Simpsons
26. You know, FOX turned into a hardcore sex channel so gradually, I didn't even notice. -Marge Simpson

25. Ahh, there's nothing better than a cigarette... unless it's a cigarette lit with a hundred-dollar bill. -Krusty the Clown

24. Remember the time he ate my goldfish, and you lied to me and said I never had any goldfish. Then why'd I have the bowl, Bart? Why did I have the bowl? -Milhouse Van Houten

23. Stupider like a fox! -Homer Simpson

22. Hey, look at my feet. You like those moccasins? Look in your closet; there's a pair for you. Don't like them? Then neither do I! [throws them out the door] Get the hell outta here! Ever see a guy say good-bye to a shoe? -Hank Scorpio

21. Uh, no you've got the wrong number. This is 9-1... 2. -Chief Wiggum

20. Yes,Mr. Burns, The Simpsons but I'd trade it all for a little more. -Mr. Burns

19. What do you mean I can't take off my sweater? I'm HOT! -Drunk Mr. Rogers

18. I'm so hungry, I could eat at Arby's. -Sherri or Terri

17. Oh, dear God. Can't this town go one day without a riot? -Mayor Quimby

16. By the time I got to a phone, my discovery had already been reported by Principal Kohoutek. I got back at him, though...him and that little boy of his. -Principal Skinner

15. You must love this country more than I love a cold beer on a hot Christmas morning. -Homer Simpson

14. My cat's breath smells like cat food. -Ralph Wiggum

13. I didn't think it was physically possible, but this both sucks and blows. -Bart Simpson

12. Jesus must be spinning in his grave! -Barney Gumble

11. I've been called ugly, pug ugly, fugly, pug fugly, but never ugly ugly. -Moe the Bartender
Milhouse, The Simpsons
10. You don't win friends with salad. -Homer Simpson

9. If he was going to commit a crime, would he have invited the number one cop in town? Now where did I put my gun? Oh yeah, I set it down when I got a piece of cake. -Chief Wiggum

8. Homer, you're as dumb as a mule and twice as ugly. If a strange man offers you a ride, I say take it! -Grampa Simpson

7. Well, if it isn't my old friend, Mr. McGreg, with a leg for an arm, and an arm for a leg. -Dr. Nick Riviera

6. We're here! We're queer! We don't want any more bears! -Townspeople
Hans Moleman, The Simpsons
5. Shut up, brain, or I'll stab you with a Q-tip! -Homer Simpson

4. Everything's coming up Milhouse! -Milhouse Van Houten

3. I was saying "Boo-urns." -Hans Moleman

2. I can't promise I'll try, but I'll try to try. -Bart Simpson

1. To alcohol! The cause of, and solution to, all of life's problems. -Homer Simpson

“Lisa, if I’ve learned anything, it’s that life is just one crushing defeat after another until you just wish Flanders was dead.”*
“Sorry mom, the mob has spoken.”
“…A little help?”
“So I said to myself: what would God do in this situation?”
“The goggles, they do nothing!”
“And I’m not easily impressed — WOW, A BLUE CAR!”
“Since the beginning of time, man has yearned to destroy the sun.”
“Lisa, I’d like to buy your rock.”
“My son’s name is also Bort.”
“We’re here! We’re queer! We don’t want any more bears!”
“There’s an angry mob here to see you, sir.”
“It’s just like I’ve always said: Democracy doesn’t work.”
“I’d kill you if I had my gun!”
“Let’s fight.” “…Them’s fightin’ words!“
“Freedom! Horrible, horrible freedom!“
“You’ll pick many a bean.”
“Woozle wazzle?”
“Stupid like a fox!”
“Maybe there is no moral. Maybe it’s just a bunch of stuff that happened.”
“I’m about to convene another meeting… in bed.”
“…Jeremy’s iron?”
“‘Learned,’ son. The word is ‘learned.'”
“I see you’ve played knifey spooney before.”
“D’oh!” “A deer!” “A female deer.”
“Elementary chaos theory shows that all robots must inevitably run amok.”
“And that little boy who no one liked grew up to be… Roy Cohn.”
“…Again? This stupid country.”
“In America, first you get the sugar, then you get the women, then you get the money.”
“Tramamampoline!”
“It was a pornography store. I was buying pornography.”
“Yes! Crisertunity!”
“There’s bound to be a little splash-back.”
“Three simple words: I am gay.”
“Simpson, Homer Simpson/ He’s the greatest guy in history/ From the/ Town of Springfield/ He’s about to hit a chestnut tree.”
“Ahoy ahoy?”
“Lord Palmerston!” “…Pitt the Elder.”
“Are these idiots getting louder or dumber?” “…Louder, sir.”
“I really like the vest.”
“That’s the funniest anecdote that I’ve ever heard! Now, why don’t you tell one?”
“Well, we hit a slight snag when the universe collapsed in on itself.”
“Abortions for some, miniature American flags for others!”
“What was I laughing about? Oh, yes. That crippled Irishman.”
“You’ll release the dogs, or the bees, or the dogs with bees in their mouths, and when they bark, they shoot bees at you?”
“She’s faking it.”
“My god! It’s like a party in my mouth and everyone’s invited.”
“I’m fired, aren’t I?”
“Don’t criticize the boat!”
“Disco Stu… likes disco.”
“Yes! In your face, space coyote!” “…Space coyote?“
“Worst… episode… ever.”
“Up and at them!”
“Aw! Look at that little baby axe!”
“Yeah, well, we saved your asses in World War III.”
“Because he gets results, you stupid chief!!!”
“There’s an adorable little boy here to see you sir.” “…Release the hounds.”
“Well, Homer. I earned your respect. And all I had to do was save your life. Now, if every other gay person could save your life, we’d be set.”
“Now they’ll never save your brain, Hitler!”
“This is a dog who gets biz-ay. Consistently and thoroughly.” “…So he’s proactive?”
“How ironic.”
“That does it! Go to your room!”
“There is one more way to kill a man, but it is as intricate and precise as a well-played game of chess.”
“We need a name that’s witty at first, but that gets less funny each time you hear it.”
“In case you didn’t real-ize, I was being sarcastic.”
“Now, I don’t care, nothing’s going to stop me in the middle of this sente — LEMON TREE?!”
“Mr. Simpson, I don’t use the word ‘hero’ very often. But you, sir, are the greatest America hero who has ever lived.”
“You’ve crossed the line from regular villainy into cartoonish super-villainy.”
“I wish they wouldn’t scream.”
“Put it in ‘H’!”
“Sure, the Germans have made a few mistakes, but that’s why pencils have erasers!”
“C’est Troy bien!”
“Dig up, stupid!”
“It looks as though the fox has been caught by exactly the person who was trying to catch it.”
“The Lincoln Squirrel has been assassinated!”
“FOX turned into a hardcore sex channel so gradually, I didn’t even notice.”
“Stop, stop! He’s already dead.”
“Truly, yours is a butt that will not quit.”
“Come, family. Let us all bathe in TV’s warm glowing glowy glow.”
“My boy is a box! Damn you! He’s a box!”
“You might say, there’s a little Uter in all of us.”
“No beer and no TV makes Homer go something something.”
“Is this the end of Zombie Shakespeare?!”
“Aw, there’s always a canal!”
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have stopped to get that haircut.”
“Keep watching the skis!”
“I filched it whilst you weren’t looking. And when your back is turned, I’ll do it again.”
“I like the way this Snrub thinks!”
“…I was saying ‘Boo-urns.'”
“I felt such a feeling of power, like God must feel when he’s holding a gun.”
“Show business is so horribly repetitive. I’ve said the words ‘jiminny-jilkers’ so many times that they’ve lost all meaning.”
“So one of those Egg Council creeps got to you too, huh?”
“Good thing I drink plenty of… malk?”
“This town is a part of us all, a part of us all, a part of us all.”
“Well, that’s certainly specious reasoning, Dad.” “…Thank you, honey.”
“Marge, my pet, I haven’t learned a thing.”
“I call the big one ‘Bitey.'”
“Wow, with a cool dry wit like that, I could be an action hero.”
“I noticed that he was wearing sneakers. For… sneaking.”
“…You’re in direct competition with each other! Fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight!”
“They’re getting away… very slowly.”
“…If anyone needs me, I’ll be in my room.”

Marge: Sitting that close to the TV is bad for your health.
Homer: Talking to me while I'm watching TV is bad for your health.
30 of 30 found this interesting | Share this
Lisa: Dad, just for once don't you want to try something new?
Homer: Oh Lisa, trying is just the first step toward failure.
25 of 25 found this interesting | Share this
Homer: I hope I didn't brain my damage.
24 of 24 found this interesting | Share this
Homer: [after doing or saying something stupid] D'oh!
16 of 16 found this interesting | Share this
Marge: Homer, it's easy to criticize.
Homer: Fun, too.
15 of 15 found this interesting | Share this
Elf: Welcome to Santa's Village, where it's Christmas everyday! Closed on Christmas.
14 of 14 found this interesting | Share this
Bart: Dad, I can't believe you're risking my life to save your own.
Homer: Son, you'll understand one day, when you have kids.
13 of 13 found this interesting | Share this
Homer: Kids, just because I don't care doesn't mean I'm not listening.
10 of 10 found this interesting | Share this
Homer: Well, I hope you've learnt your lesson, Lisa: never help anyone.
10 of 10 found this interesting | Share this
Mr. Burns: Whoa, slow down there maestro. There's a NEW Mexico?
10 of 10 found this interesting | Share this
Homer: Its been three days and my mind is clearer, my sperm count is up and I'm able to recognise simple shapes and patterns.
Lisa: Dad, you just said that three minutes ago.
10 of 10 found this interesting | Share this
Chief Wiggum: [shopping for his wife at a women's clothing store] My wife's looking for something that doesn't make her look like a horse, so, I'm gonna be here for a while
10 of 10 found this interesting | Share this
Homer: Take that, Lisa's beliefs!
9 of 9 found this interesting | Share this
Ned Flanders: You know, a man came into the store today and asked for change for a dollar, and I accidentally gave him three quarters. Took me all afternoon just to track him down.
8 of 8 found this interesting | Share this
[Lisa is strangling Bart]
Homer: Lisa, no. Your hands are too weak.
[begins strangling Bart]
12 of 13 found this interesting | Share this
Moe: Oh boy, it looks like it's suicide again for me.
7 of 7 found this interesting | Share this
Bart: Lisa made me do it. She cast a witch's spell on me.
Lisa: It's spelled Wicca, and it's empowering.
Bart: Wicca is just a Hollywood fad.
Lisa: That's Kabbala, jerk.
7 of 7 found this interesting | Share this
Homer: [Comforting] There, there. Shut up boy.
10 of 11 found this interesting | Share this
Homer: Oh, I'm in no condition to drive. Wait a minute. I don't have to listen to myself. I'm drunk.
10 of 11 found this interesting | Share this
Homer: Ahh, now to spend some quality time away from my family.
6 of 6 found this interesting | Share this
Homer: Beer. Now there's a temporary solution.
6 of 6 found this interesting | Share this
Mr. Burns: Smithers, release the hounds.
9 of 10 found this interesting | Share this
Homer: Marge, can I go out and play?
5 of 5 found this interesting | Share this
Krusty the Clown: You, sir, are an idiot.
5 of 5 found this interesting | Share this
Bart: Ay, carumba!
8 of 9 found this interesting | Share this
Homer: Boy, everyone is stupid except me.
8 of 9 found this interesting | Share this
Barney: I think we'd be all better off if each country had its own planet.
7 of 8 found this interesting | Share this
Bart: [slapping Lisa] Don't hit Maggie. She's just a baby.
Homer: [slapping Bart] Don't hit Lisa. She's a girl.
Grampa: [slapping Homer] Keep your hands off of him Homer!
7 of 8 found this interesting | Share this
Marge: There's no shame in being a pariah.
4 of 4 found this interesting | Share this
[repeated line]
Mr. Burns: Excellent.
8 of 10 found this interesting | Share this
Agnes Skinner: You failed, Seymour. What is it with you and failure?
6 of 7 found this interesting | Share this
Bart: Eat my shorts.
7 of 9 found this interesting | Share this
Marge: Not the swear jar! It's the only thing holding back the filth!
[Swear jar breaks]
Marge: Nuttyfudgekins!
3 of 3 found this interesting | Share this
Marge: Our differences are only skin deep, but our sames go down to the bone.
6 of 8 found this interesting | Share this
Principal Skinner: There's no justice like angry-mob justice.
4 of 5 found this interesting | Share this
Nelson: I feel like such a tool.
4 of 5 found this interesting | Share this
Homer: Hey, Weener Boy... where do you think you'e going?
4 of 5 found this interesting | Share this
Marge: You should probably see a doctor about this...
Homer: OK.
Marge: [realizing] A competent doctor.
Homer: D'oh!
5 of 7 found this interesting | Share this
Homer: I see the light... it burns!
6 of 9 found this interesting | Share this
Homer: Lisa's with writers, now. The happiest people in the World!
2 of 2 found this interesting | Share this
Homer: You wouldn't understand, Dad, you're not with it!
Grampa: I was with it once! And then they changed what it was! And now what I'm with isn't it and what's it seems weird and scary to me! And it'll happen to you!
2 of 2 found this interesting | Share this
Sideshow Mel: [dressed as a caveman with a bone through his green hair] My opinions are as valid as the next man's!
2 of 2 found this interesting | Share this
Krusty the Clown: Talk to the audience? Oh, this part is always death.
2 of 2 found this interesting | Share this
Scientist: Let's not listen.
2 of 2 found this interesting | Share this
Homer: [to Marge] I toil not on ye Sabbath, Woman. A pox on thee!
3 of 4 found this interesting | Share this
Agnes Skinner: 'Nuff talk, it's smashin' time.
3 of 4 found this interesting | Share this
Bart: Don't have a cow, man.
4 of 6 found this interesting | Share this
Superintendent Chalmers: I'm a public servant, Seymour, I'm not allowed to use my own judgement in any way whatsoever.
1 of 2 found this interesting | Share this
Ned Flanders: Hi-diddly-ho, neighbourino!
Is this interesting? | Share this
Crazy Person at the Homeless Shelter: That's the answer! Pawn to King's Bishop Three!
Is this interesting? | Share this
