i just walked into a room at this party and someone yelled "dibs!"...
i got kicked out of Barns and Nobles cuz i put all the bibles in the fiction section
and then she said I drew a line on her forehead with my cum and whispered "Simba"
i went to disney world today with my friends, met snow white, then saw her later at a bar. she is naked next to me in her bed, passwed out. when you wish upon a star...
I remember going home with 2 girls. Woke up with 4.
I was just told by a cop that my party was the most epic party they ever crashed
Just woke up wearing a top hat and simpsons boxers. i also found more money in my wallet then what i had before going out, about $1000 more
so I was just driving high and I stopped to let a pinecone cross the road because I thought it was a hedgehog.
Grinding on my ninth grade teacher. Dreams really do come true
that that's fine cause i was ready to be a mom. yeah - he magically had a condom he forgot about after that.
I thought it was weird that her dad told me to finish and get out after he walked in on us. I like him
I accidentally had sex with my boyfriend's twin last night...and he didn't stop me.
i took some ambien and I TRIPPED out...i went into my mom's room to say goodnight and i don't remember anything...she said that i got really pissed at her because we were living in the Keebler elf tree and she was visiting other trees, then i started laughing hysterically and she goes "whats so funny?" and i go "there are 7 people sitting on my knees" and she goes "doesn't that hurt?" and i said "no we're sitting in a bowl" and then i capped it off and said "join the crazy train bro" and passed out.
IF YOU TEXT ME ONE MORE SHORTENED VERSION OF A WORD, THE ONLY THING YOU'LL SEE IS MY FIST IN YOUR FACE.
yes, we have a friends with benefits thing. i found out he had never 69'd, done anal or had a threesome. i told him i was going to rock his world.
there were no words. he looked like a kid on christmas morning.
I woke up with dick mouth, a raw vagina, an empty bottle of vodka and the best man next to me. I also found my thong by the pool. Best.Wedding.Ever.
i found a twelve pack under my bed. and a six pack in my closet. I'm like a fucking alcoholic squirrel.
I wish guys would just cum water 'cause you don't have to worry about being pregnant and it'd be like a squirt gun fight
That fucking fat Asian kid that NOBODY invited is stuck in the dryer again
i just woke up and "where the fuck is taco bell" was in my search engine...
The bubbles in my bathtub are singing to me in german....
you took him to the bathroom with you to pee and told him he had to hold your hand..but he couldn't turn on the lights because you didnt want him to hear you peeing..and still got laid. i wish i had your life.
She came over with Guinness cupcakes, a case of Mickeys, wearing an Ireland flag & nothing else.
A 12 year old Canadian kid said I was a pussy for only buying a 28-pack. I fit in better in this country.
i literally forgot his name and just started calling him "waffles"
the mandatory saturday morning class for those written up by RA's turned into a gold mine...just met EVERY hot chick that parties.
so all the bums hang out by my new store, they have a leader we call king bum... He got dethroned by police today for choking out a hooker. The bum heirarchy is in shambles right now.
My recently uploaded pictures to facebook: Me partying on Beale St. with a single girl on each arm. Ex's recently upload pictures: Several pictures of cats. I win.
yeah my parents were only ten feet away and we somehow managed to do it in five different positions without them noticing
The bartender let me pay my bar tab with my itunes giftcards.
you drank 3/4s of your half gallon of vodka, made a fort out of the kitchen table, and actaually had sex in in it.
Getting high on the stoop of a brownstone in the middle oh harlem. Doesn't get much more hey arnold than this.
You couldn't find any paper towel to clean up the wine you spilled, so you tried to use her cat.
Just saw a bouncer shoot a stripper with a squirt gun. He looked at me n said,"gotta keep em in check." I'm in love with this place
i walked in the apt and she was vacuuming. i asked why and she said so we could have sex on the floor. i love clean freaks.
standing in the yard with no pants on waiting for google maps to come and take a picture.
Let's face it. We both have sexy parts. Why not have them touch?!
did you seriously make the punch out of vodka and food coloring
Whatever. We're stealing a penguin. Your not allowed near him... You did this to yourself.
You were wearing a sombrero. And a crown. And told me to use the nerf gun to protect your room from the cat. You don't have a cat.
I know ur sleeping, sorry for waking you but i just saw a girl with mittens on using her nose to control her ipod touch
I told a kindergarten student that candy canes are bones of reject elves.
Cop gave me a ticket for public drunkedness, and then I convinced him to drive me back to the party
she named each of the players on the last ten madden covers in order and then shotgunned 2 beers...if she doesnt have a penis im in love
dude, I just walked in on your little brother changing clothes...I'm ashamed to say I noticed, but that kid has as MASSIVE cock...
Yeah...we all know. it's the elephant in the room at family gatherings.
that is a frighteningly accurate metaphor for it.
what if cement was really a rainbow color they just secretly paint it grey so as not to distract drivers
By the way, her vagina was so tight i was worried that i would be stuck forever
Just come over and take your pants off. 35 mins tops. You'll be home before midnight cinderella
Just wanted to make sure that my favorite hot mess is still alive. I dont need words, just a response of any sort. K hope youre living
I just woke up and shes still asleep next to me with her vibrator inside her and on. Whats normal protocol for this situation?
do you ever think like no deep thought could take place in the spanish language? like all they talk about is like tacos?
My history teacher just took his shirt off cuz the classroom was to hot. And then he invited us all to join him.
she complimented my bra when we were hooking up. this lesbian thing has its upsides
I told him I would sleep with him if he could name all the colors of the wind.
I'm coming over to use your dick. I need to take my aggression out on something. Hope that's cool.
i was watching some porn this morning and i realized i am blessed with a truly beautiful vagina
when my professor asked "does anyone know what streches across south america" and a kid in the back row said "my exgirfriends vagina" i knew i was at home.
The only thing better than Call of Duty is getting jerked off while playing Call of Duty.
He kept buying me shots of tequila. I decided to just save myself the half hour of toilet hugging and tell him straight up that I intended on sleeping with him. We got Tacos on the way home with all the money we saved.
So I feel really bad about last night...can i give you a blow job and we call it even?
She recited Pi throughout ever orgasm she had....she said it was a game she likes to play...how far she gets is how she judges her lovers...I am oddly turned on by this...
yeah my mom told me she knows when i come home high because i use my turn signal while turning into the driveway...
I love having a boyfriend. I just ate pancakes with regular syrup and chocolate syrup, I havent shaved my legs in a week, and Im still going to get laid tonight.
nah, shes just mad because we went through all her fb pics and tagged her crotch as all the guys shes fucked
and when i put it inside her she yelled "welcome aboard!"
you came in and threw goldfish on our blue carpet and screamed SWIM BITCHES and then made me drink a best friends potion with you
Fuckbuddy couldn't meet, so she's trying to find a substitute to come fuck me. Best. Fuckbuddy. Ever.
i just saw my boxers from 2 days ago stuck in a tree 4 miles from my house
I just had sex with a black guy. He told me I had a big dick. I think that's God's way of saying it's okay to be gay.
He was taking the caps off the vodka bottles and throwing them out the window so we'd have to finish them. Engineers have the best logic.
i just walked downstairs to find my brother wearing a crossingguards vest and boxers. when i asked him where he got it he just looked at me, smiled, and kept feeding the dog yogurt
I can only speak casual parseltoungue, im not bad though. just the general, "wheres the bathroom?" "open the chamber of secrets" that type of stuff
I think my mom's writing a book called how to fuck with your kids when you know they're high
He told me he could read braille... with his tongue. So I took him home. I don't think he was lying
I just wnated to let you know that I laminated my history notes so i can study in the shower.
He adopted an old drug sniffing dog so that he won't lose his weed around the house anymore. It works.\n
sober me hid the cigs from drunk me. sober me is a tricky bitch.
he drunkenly confessed to whacking off before coming over so the sex'd be longer. this one's a keeper
some guy just walked up to the bench i was on, backflipped off of it, gave me his number and walked away....i love this city
just won a stolen shopping cart in a dance off in a parking lot.
I consider it a successful poop when you only have to wipe once.
We had sex in the woods. It was great until some bird started mimicking my orgasm sounds
my history teacher totally just suggested that we record his lectures and play drinking games with them later so that we pay attention to the material.
I made friends with a raccoon. I pet it. Like I was Pocahontas.
found an empty one..2nd door on the right...i'm already naked.
Dude, I just spun my iPhone on my boner without it falling off. I belong in cirque du soleil.
please remember that your boobs are bigger than your sisters. when you borrow her shirts they stretch and then shes left flapping in the breeze. dont borrow her clothes anymore. love dad.
just saw a midget ride a motorized cooler into the liquor store. i'm gonna follow him home.
She said she couldn't find my penis because my arm was in the way. That was my penis
this morning i woke up under the kitchen table. i went to my room and there was an inflatable whale in my bed with a banana duct taped to where its penis should be. there were trails of cheez-its around my apartment and i found $67 in the crotch of my underwear. im guessing i had a very happy birthday.
She said to delete the bj video, but I accidentally hit the 'send to her bf' button. My bad
okay, prove you're not drunk to me. write 5 true sentences about me with correct grammar.
I am sober. Because I don't drunk. It is bad. People die. I like Domenico because o he bag women what up?
the semester isnt officially over until i take the batteries out of my calculator and put them back into my vibrator
I spent all night sexting your girlfriend for you because you were too drunk. You're welcome.
He saw my tits then looked up and yelled thank you jesus as loud as he could
Threesomes are so awesome. You even have company on your walk of shame :)
Just got a blowjob to the theme of Bohemian Rhapsody as the sun was rising. I should just kill myself because ill never top this moment.
Hiding in the clothes rack at walmart like a 4 year old. Already scared 3 people. New fav weekend activity
I just found out my mom named me after her fake ID from college...
If we don't get kicked out of this hotel tonight for fucking too loud we're breaking up
Don't bite the hand that gives you multiple orgasms
she called my cock the "semen sword" and then we invented a position called excalibur
Rode a jet ski for the first time three days after I lost my virginity. Hell of a week for my vagina.
We walked through the hotel lobby in slow-mo taking huge steps because we were astronauts, and astronauts obviously can't be drunk.
Ask me how many people I've slept with. Because its changed since I last saw you.
I cant believe you went over there and fucked her last night after everything you said
she invited me over to play the wii, it's not like i intended to
Just watched Hilary Duff have a three-some on Gossip Girl...all I could imagine was that LIzzie Maguire cartoon girl freaking out above their heads
When the phrase "Wow your huge" came out of her mouth I knew it was gonna be a good night.
Ok Ghana you win again. Tell you what...Double or nothing over women's tennis, basketball, hockey, war, baseball, golf, swimming, diving, oil spills, box office proceeds, internet porn sites, criminals incarcerated, women's downhill, bass fishing, NASCAR, or GDP?
Whatever. They have the same name, so it's not even cheating. It's brand loyalty.
i dont understand blimps. what would happen if they collided would they just bounce off or fall to the ground.
do you think jeeves would know? you do it. ask jeeves.
She told me I was only the second guy she slept with. I told her she was only my second Megan.
I got to the apartment, I was handed a beer within 20 seconds, I'm glowing in the dark, there's fog everywhere, and now I'm wearing a sombrero because apparently it's silly hat night. I never want to leave.
hey everyone... booty call? my house tonight. bring friends to fuck my friends.
Bought a water-proof vibrator. Rubber ducky is no longer the one that makes bathtime so much fun.
If you bring me a slurpee and advil I will eat you out for like an hour.
Our relationship just reached the stage where i can touch her boobs while making a honking noise without getting hit in the face
you never realize your highschool teachers are real people till you fuck one of them
She challenged me to a game of rock-paper-scissors for her virginity. I love this girl.
Helping a hot freshman girl move in = 2 hours of my life One bottle of cheap vodkas = $10 Watching her do the walk a shame on her first morning away from home = Priceless
We made a late night liquor run, made margaritas and bloody marys and then retreated to opposite sides of the house to drink them. Alone.
i just saw some one pass a baby through the drive-thru window at dairy queen.
My landlord doesn't knock anymore when he shows the apt... So i just had sex in front of a family.
Remember the time we were horrifically hung over, went to mcdonalds, an you merely felt the weight of the mcnuggets box and knew there was an extra?
you told me your penis was albino and it couldnt be exposed to light so you needed to keep it in me
My professor just gave everyone in the class extra credit... except for the kid wearing the Cubs hat
Last night i stole a disco ball from a frat house by pretending i was pregnant.
He snuck into some random hotel's continental breakfast at 3 AM and then passed out on a bench in the lobby. When the cops found him they made him empty out his pockets. No phone, no ID just muffins.
Well, emily woke up in Hoboken, cati woke up in jersey city, and i woke up in brooklyn....and our hotel room we rented in the city remained empty. Best birthday yet.
I wanna dance tonight. i just wanna grind my ass in some man's dick.
I took your shirt off for you after you threw up on yourself, read you the ugly duckling, and then tucked you in. you better fucking love me, jackass.
I dont know why people are racist. Both the mexicans and the irish gave us holidays where everyone drinks on a wednesday.
Hungover. Be in at noonish. Turn my monitor on and put a hot cup of coffee on my desk so the boss thinks I'm in
woke up with food on the counter from chipotle, taco bell, green cactus, and on the border take out. explain?
you were trying to get this Spanish chick to sleep with you. you were showing her how much you "loved her native food."
should my break up email to my English professor be in MLA format?
She had a group on her phone called "great fucks". I was in it. It's almost like making the forbes list
You stood in front of a yellow Camaro and kept yelling at it to "Transform already!!!!".. yeah, I'd say you were pretty wasted.
It's official. I'm a squirter. Wasn't a one time thing.
I dunno if we should get high tonight man. its daylight savings. time travel is just too much for me right now.
I just got this text "hi this is Julie, I met you last night in the bathroom. You asked me to text you and remind you that you ate an entire lime, because you figured your sober self in the morning would be confused."
No flights in Europe due to the volcano erupting. God himself is telling me to spend 4.20 in Amsterdam.
sorry we overslept. have a good day at work. p.s. thanks for making it feel like my vagina got hit by a train.
There's guys at my school running around throwing potatoes shouting "remember the famine." makes me proud to be Irish.
So I'm at planned parenthood and there are 5 people here from Friday's party.
I'd steal beers with my tail. If I were a monkey.
You named all of the cocktail shrimps and then tackled a guy for "eating Henry"
[insert really romantic bullshit about how much i love you and how beautiful you are so you will suck my dick tonight]
Just made out with the bride... She was still in her dress & I was still in my bridesmaid dress, how's that for an album picture?!?
Hit a parked car with a "property of Jesus Christ" bumper sticker. Wrote out five hail mary's and left it on the windshield.
went for icecream. accidentally deepthroated it. my mom gave me a dirty look, but the kid behind the counter looked impressed
Ive created a fbook group called "threesome" and invited two girls. Im not going to say a word and just see what happens.
her name was charlotte except you kept calling her chatroulette and yelling at her to show you her boobs
So he said if we had sex he'd take me to Build A Bear. My virginity is so worth a trip to build a bear.
its simple. when his lips are on my clitoris i want to marry him. when they are speaking i want to kill him.
I need someone to get my backpack from the bar before class tomorrow. I have to give my students their papers back.
According to google history I spent most of last night trying to buy an elephant.
I've gotten 23 condolence texts about Germany's defeat. I got 3 for our break-up. That's how much my friends don't like you.
Actually, I'm graduating from college on Saturday so that makes me a well educated bitch.
His fingers had 12 years of piano lessons behind them. my ex has been put to shame by a finger
He's a firefighter, who has his own band. I'm pregnant just thinking about him.
he said i took off my shirt and wrote "help HATI" on my tits, and charged people to motorboat me..... i'd like to say i woke up with 267$ in my purse
pretty sure those are just snow plows....go back to bed
were you wearing a green and blue thong last night?
just because im gay does not mean you need to notify me every time you watch the ellen degeneres show
There I was staring at a teeny weeny black one and a huge white one. It was like an episode of Myth Busters
I asked him how he was going to celebrate tomorrow and he said "tits, clits, and bong hits"
I caught a rooster roaming Edison Park then released it in the bar. They made me try to catch it again and somebody played the chicken dance while I chased it
the girl next to me in class is drawing a guy banging a chick doggy style...its very detailed
I JUST GOT MY PERIOD AND MY VISA FOR LONDON GOT APPROVED! BEST DAY EVER!
he put on The Eye of the Tiger while she was in labor.
Somebody started a fire in the kitchen. I puked on it till it went out. The firemen high fived me.
just heard the best thing ever: calling people's kids "fuck trophies"
I wish you got a notification every time someone masturbated to a Facebook picture of you...
The guy drove to our house at 6am to sell us weed. Now that's customer service.
He posted a picture of my bra on facebook with the caption "I don't know who I hooked up with last night but if this is yours please come pick it up".She keeps stunt undies in her bag, 2 sizes too small. She leaves them behind so the guy thinks he was luckier than he was...
We dated for an hour, i broke up with her after. BOOM.
He went down on me in his escalade and his dick is bigger than my forearm. I'm never going back to white guys.
Have you ever had champagne poured on you during sex? It was like a rap video
swears the blind dude on this train is faking. Every day he stumbles and falls into a different girl's lap and then has to grab her tits to steady himself.
We had sex on the hood of my car and broke the windshield.
He screamed for everyone to hide, unplugged the music, then talked to the cop. Last I saw he was high fiving him...
She said her hobbies include bangin guys on one night stands and then sending them facebook relationship requests the next morning just to freak em out
He just called shotgun on the way to the squad car.
So I went outside my house this morning and basically my entire front lawn is covered in gummi bears... I think that involves you guys.
I'm just gonna be the bigger person here and say I want you inside me
Look at the bright side...I have an 11 inch penis
I just followed a trail of feathers and glitter to class. Today better be fucking magical.so i woke up.. still drunk and discovered my roommate in the living room passed out dick-in-hand watching porn..
turned the porn up and opened the windows so everybody goin to class could see him..
I taped Calvin and Kyles heads together face to face while they were passed out. You should have seen them stumbling around using hungover teamwork trying to find scissors.
Hooked up with my first aid and cpr teacher last night. She dressed as a lifeguard and brought me back to life. Beat that.
She's coming to town, taking me to a Suns Game, wants Anal, and knows we're not going to date, I imagine this is what heaven is like
THAT stays in the CAR. And if one fucking person who was NOT in the car brings it up, I will KILL you. Thank you.
youre just mad i got the high score on the breathalyzer
He passed out drunk on top of me. Fully erect. Still inside me. Woke up like 1 minute later, and continued.
we couldnt tell if he was gay so we started working glee quotes into the conversation to see if he noticed.
You're the 8th person from last night to text me this morning and ask if I'm ok.
ok this guy next to me just sat down with a no joke, 10,000 page book, popped an addy, cracked open a red bull and opened the book to page 1.
He's like the fucking Houdini of bras. Not only did I not feel him take it off I didn't find it until two days later.
dude she was givin me head and stops and looks up at me and tells me she loves me, then goes ''alright now cum in my mouth''.... pretty sure shes the one
The walk of shame isn't so shameful when you do it in a stolen, autographed Favre jersey.
hey, this is the drunk ass freshman from last night. thanks alot for helping me out last night, i'd probably be on some lawn if it wasn't for you guys! and my mom says thanks for talking to heri just found a bag of weed behind my capital one card. i guess that's what's in my wallet.
Your sister got a Brazilian yesterday. It looks great
Care to explain to me why theres a baby food jar filled with semen in my fridge? or why its labeled as unicorn sweat?
when "blow-job jen" drunk dials you at 3 in the morning, you answer
Planet Earth isn't gonna get stoned and watch itself.
you said you didn't feel like drinking anymore so you mixed vodka with your applesauce and ate it
well..after leaving the bar you handed me your wallet and said you didnt need it cause you were going to find the cash cab and added 'i'll see you on tv'
I just gave the bartender my number in roman numerals. If she figures it out, she's worth a shot
why is there a handicap sign in the bathtub and an exit sign in the kitchen?
lets deal with that after we figure out where i am
the best part is my dad got arrested for the same thing at the same bar 30 years ago... so he cant be mad
just smoked a bowl with my history teacher. i love community college
Hey guys, just to let you know, I have a boyfriend...so that hookup was kind of a one time thing.
I am in the checkout line at the dollar store and there is a guy in front of me holding a pregnancy test, a chocolate bar, and fake roses. Champion.
I'm going to write a letter. It's going to say, Dear Every Girl Ever: Take some goddam initiative and wake me up with a blowjob and I will eat out of your hand. Love, Every Guy Ever
They say rihanna has been dating several mets players. They go on to say that she feels safe with them because they can't beat anybody.
College reaches a new low. We just carved a shot glass out of a potatoe.
I'm wearing this super skanky ass dress that's wayyy to slutty for church but I think Jesus will appreciate it because i look so bangin for his bday.
I didn't black out, the guy in the Men In Black costume erased my memory
you kept running around the room with a flask shouting "so much room for activities!" then someone tripped you and you passed out
I managed to convince my mom that my hickey was a birth mark I have always had. She cried for an hour about being a terrible mother for never noticing it.
woke up this morning with "hah" written on my penis.i was like wtf?? morning wood kicked in and found out what it really said, haNNah.then i remembered.
yes he's amazing in bed. he made me like, black out. everything went black it was weird. so yes, i'd fuck him again. plus, he has every season of buffy on dvd
Her name is Sherri and her sister's are Brandy and Champagne. Of course I want to meet her parents.
Could someone please kill snooki before she contributes to the gene pool.
you refused to leave the drive-thru at mcdonalds until the cashier took a jello shot
I have the Lakers game on, but all I can think about is having sex with you. Not sure what you've done here.
we hate each other therefore the sex is mindblowing
The dean held back my hair as I was puking after graduation. That means so much more than a diploma and a handshake.
tuesday night obama will do an address about the oil spill at 8... it'll only be about 15 minutes... but i think thats plenty of time for a drinking game. key words "oil" "bp" and "responsibility"?
my ex just saw me in his brothers bed. fuck yes revenge feels good
I just found out me and my parents buy from the same drug dealer.
what kind of dress can i wear to my high school reunion that says "even though i'm more successful than all of you i'm still up for sex"?
Birthday Coupon: This text is good for alteast 3 hours of Birthday Sex. Redeamable any time, anywhere, and any style.
she was trying to give me a handjob in biology class while we were learning about the penis.
I walked into the bathroom and the toilet was on fire... I stood there for like a minute trying to decide whether I should put it out or get my camera.
My "High Times" magazine came in today, as well as my girlfriend's new sex toys. We're calling in sick today.
Blood drive hookups: you will probably faint during the sex, but at least you know neither of you has AIDS
he saw my "i like bacon" magnet on the fridge and i told him how much i love meat, then we started making out
what is with people arguing over soda or pop? to be honest i thought it was just called chaser
were doing shots for every snowflake that hits the ground
My hispanic family watching the world cup is getting too intense for me. a lit candle was just thrown at me because i walked by the tv.
i feel like words won't express my appreciation properly so at some point i'm just going to bring you pizza then go down on you for an hour. fair?
I fell alseep but then some dude picked me up. Comforter and all stuck a blunt in my mouth and carried me back downstairs because "I wasn't done partying"
you said "tonight pinky, we take over the world" and then came in my face
you handed the cop a condom last night and said "it's all about protect and serve right?"
It's still hanging from my ceiling fan. Please let me keep it there.
Just had a drunken guest at my hotel threaten to "throw a fuckin fireball at my face"
I am at the point in my high where i now know/understand chinese.
So the girl I hooked up with last night pretended to be from Comcast when my girlfriend stopped by this morning. She even made a fake appointment to check her internet. Best hookup ever.
He gave me an orgasm with his left hand...and he's right handed. Of course he's a keeper.
OMFG BINX FROM HOCUS POCUS IS MCGEE IN NCIS!!!!!!!! most. epic. realization. ever.
All I wanna do is sit in water and get drunk. The only thing more American is giving birth to eagles.
what is the aproppriate waiting time between having sex and playing super Mario brothers
did i by any chance text you anything about feathers last night?
We went to red robin and there was a 15 minute wait so we went and fucked in the car. Quickies, endless fries, and a mascot handing out balloons- this is literally the night of my dreams.
took out my tampon, fucked him, and put a new one back in all before he realized I was on my period. beat that one bitch.
I sat a few seats down and one row behind a cute girl at the Cubs game today. Having watched her talk to the guy next to her, I found out only her name and age. I then used that information and pieced it together with over 500 girls on Facebook with the same name. I found the same girl, and we're now fbook friends.
if being a creepy fuck was an olympic sport, they'd think you were using performance enhancing drugs...
Her brother walked in on her giving me a bj and just laughed. I got a highfive before I left.
sooo my mom just yelled up the stairs " you left your bowl down by the computer"....aaand for a second I forgot cereal bowls still existed
Hi, I just found this phone under my seat at a brewers game and seeing as you're entered in as 'fillllatio' I figured I'd ask you if you know the illiterate ass who owns this phone. Thanks :)
Just watched a fat girl on a scooter run into the back of a bus head first
4 feet of snow. teaching the cats how to snow swim. throwing them off the porch and seeing what happens.
She got subburned last week and her bikini ties in the middle...when I took off her shirt, there was a sunburned bow between her boobs. Like a present. Happy birthday to me!
Whoever put the tambourine in the dryer is a douche. Worst hangover wakeup ever
You remember that guy Joey? The pastors son that plays Jesus every year?
we were dressed as cave people and he kept telling everybody i was so easy a caveman could do it.
just friend requested my arresting officer from last night. too soon??
So then the officer asked you how you were getting home and you told him "very carefully"
She sucked my dick when I had a concussion. It was the coolest feeling ever but the doctor said it was a bad idea. He's obviously gay.
I fed the cats at 7 am, made her eggs, gave her oral, and now I'm helping her clean and baking her brownies. Cosmos got nothing on me.
i have only one word for you: 3somewithnorwegiangirls
I woke up with a new Tiffanys necklace on. I'm such a classy drunk.
Bring your kids so they can distract our kids so we can drink beer in peace.
We dont have to go to dinner or anything gay like that. I just wanna do it.
woke up this morning wit a massive hangover. walked to my truck and found at least 35 for sale signs, a stop sign, and a julie kim sign...need answers
yea, you decided to become a real estate agent last night on the way home from the party. You started bitchin about how Julie Kim was stealing all your buisness....
We discussed our relationship status. We're dating exclusively. And the conversation was followed by him saying "C'mon baby, let's make you orgasm!" .....I'm gonna marry him.
TYLER... glimpse of last night: leather chaps, guacamole dip, a jump rope, spray paint, and rhinestone studded pajamas.
i think you have the wrong number... but your story sounds delightful.
letting you know, as a good neighbor, that when your windows open and your shade is up we can hear and see you dancing naked to money maker... nice boobs
He literally just walked in some random persons house and walked right to they're pantry. Then five minutes later he walks out with pop-tarts, mac and cheese, and captain morgan. We need to chill with this kid more often.
it was like one of those moments where the couple runs together and kisses and everyone in the airport claps. but instead of clapping an indian guy walked by and said 'ahhhright! get some!'
if i see another status about New Moon, i'm gonna punch a baby
My mom just said we needed to put weed into our earthquake kit.
the liquor store lady asked about three times if I was sure about buying two fifths of everclear. i told her I wanted to be on cops
You know why I moved here? No public intoxication law. A cop just helped me from my bent over vomit pose, asked if I was ok, and gave me a ride home.
after he came i started crying. just to fuck with his head.
i think a pirate just stole the rest of our fucking beer. what an appropriate costume.
the cop asked for your social security number and you gave her your high school locker combo
the fact that I know you're asking me if I'm coming home for easter makes me believe I speak fluent vodka.
Tell them everything looks awful, makes their ass look fat, etc. You'll wreck their self esteem and likely both have sex with you to make themselves feel better.
You're the most understanding sister I could ever ask for.
How the hell do you keep getting in my apartment?!
I need ur penis! This is not drunk texting, either! This is I need ur penis texting. There IS a difference!
it felt like a thousand fairies were licking my balls.
I swear my cock is like a magnet to my friends younger sisters mouths.
and ill be dreaming of you. not in a creepy way, but in an inappropriate way
today i learned why jack sparrow loved rum so fucking much
I wiped a tear off her cheek with my boner. It cheered her up
I miss your penis. And I totally say this as a friend. I just miss it because it's great. You should be very proud of it.
When I told my boss I'm using a vacation day for 4/20, he gave me his personal cell phone number and winked at me.
Just dunked an oreo in a white russian. Trying to think of a better experience in my life and failing.
I woke up on a raft in a bath tub filled with beer. excellent night.
found a naked boy completely buried under a pile of her clothes and terrified...she says she was "saving him for later"
As a side note, my abs are sore. Most likely cause? Orgasms. Thank you.
She was so drunk yelling at me in my driveway to fuck her. It was the ghetto version of Romeo and Juliet.
i just lost my virginity for the 9th time. when will guys stop believing that nonsense line
Remember in school when they told us our vag was made just the right size for our future husband? I must say I am enjoying trying to find that perfect fit.
Using your Catholic School education as an excuse for this? Why didn't I think of that?!
Bagel with cream cheese. It's blowing my fucking mind.
got high and had our usual talk about the definition of cole slaw. then tried to call the ramen noodle company and convince them why my face should be on thier packages.
there is a school bus full of santas parked in front of the liquor store
I woke up and she had washed, dried, folded my clothes, cooked me breakfast, and had started cleaning my room
Thanks for telling my landlord that the poop stain was yours and not my secret dog.
His dick was as big as my arm. Giving him a handjob was like giving someone an Indian sunburn.
I want to fuck you with a popsicle till it melts then eat it out of you
somehow you got everyone naked by playing strip rock paper scissors.
You flung your panties at that guy you liked with an accuracy that I have never seen before.
dude are you gonna smoke tonight? my day was shit and I wanna get high
worker bees can leave....even drones can fly away....the queen is their slave
They should make a Rosetta Stone that allows men to understand what the fuck women are actually trying to say.
I cant leave dude. theres a horse with a top hat on
I just saw an old lady yelling at a dead pigeon for leaving the oven on.
I may be a little high but I'm pretty sure my alphabet soup has only Os in it
in case you havent found it already in honor of Toy story 3 we wrote ANDY on the bottom of your foot while you were passed out on the couch.
I mean we havent seen each other since december and then bam its cinco de mayo and were having sex under a life guard tower taking tequila shots between each position. no big deal
What's the protocol for seeing the two girls you've been sleeping with in the store WHILE buying condoms?
how do you say "fuck me and leave bruises" in italian?
I tried to cut him off and he said "I was the president of a fraternity for 3 years, I could outdrink God."
All I heard was "I swear it'll be funny" and then we were in jail.
i cant talk right now. we are trying to finish our homework so we can play with play-doh
an off duty cop drove behind me last night to make sure i didnt get a dui. i was blacked out drunk and on a pill of ecstacy. he knew this. i must be really pretty.
you kept say ridiculous things then repeating them in perfect classical latin. You are onee intelligent drunk
She wanted to test if her costume allows her to still have sex in it. It does
Listen, i'm watching playoff hockey and eating waffles. i just don't have time for your drama today.
i told her my name was noah and she leans in and whispers "that makes me so wet." ive never been more thankful for the Notebook
so im decorating easter eggs with my family and my mom is writing "Jesus is risen" and "God loves you!" on the eggs. i wrote things like "I'm naked!" and "there are drugs in these eggs!" on mine.
He wouldn't let me go down on him. He stopped me and told me he was a giver.
she was so "full of love" from watching twilight that she came over and gave me a handjob. when does the next movie come out?
If you win this game of words with friends, ill suck you off for 30 minutes. No lie.
I cant last that long. Do i get the rollover minutes?
we drove through mcdonalds and ordered everything on the dollar menu. We told the workers that were making Super Size Me 2, drove away without paying and told them to bill our producer.
We just built a bong out of a pineapple. I am never leaving hawaii. Ever.
I told him that all frat guys do it... it was that easy to get him to go down on me.
Why is there a living, breathing cow on your front porch?
Had sex five times today because there was nothing else to do. I had no idea snow days could get even better than when we were kids
i had to take my roommates dildo out of her suitcase so I could use it
Have you ever seen an entire lecture hall fist pump? It's magical.
sometimes when i'm drunk i choose the spanish option on the ATM to challenge myself.
with your flexibility, and the size of my penis, amazing things are possible.
She was so adorably desperate I didn't have the heart to tell her I wasn't a lesbian. So now She's making waffles, may switch teams over this.
i forgot to tell you that olivia sent me a text yesterday that the mormon girl got caught with weed in her vagina at school
Exactly how many bongs can i have before my parents figure out they really aren't vases
Turning 21 on Saint Patty's day. I like to think this is what my alcoholic ancestors have prepared me for
The kid in front of me is videochatting and typing to his gf. I should make poop/sex faces over his shoulder, right?
my dad just said 'either you're lying about your plans tonight or you kids are really lame nowadays'. maybe we should nix the singles saturday slumber party and go to a bar.
You texted the wrong number but that's probably the best call you'll ever make.
You yelled "bananas are an excellent source of pottasium!"4 times in the middle of class. how do you not remember?
The police are arresting two women who got in a fight for the last Twilight DVD at Best Buy. Classic.
I'm at the bass pro shop. They have a river full of trout and turtles, a shooting range, a full bar, and the patriots cheerleaders are here. I now understand why people are rednecks. I may never leave
who do I fuck, the girl waiting for me upstairs or her roomate making me mac and cheese right now?? This is the single hardest decision I've always wanted to have to make
Just saw a policeman use his lights to go through a red light only to turn them off and go to Sonic...
you handed me your bra at the bar and said 'hold my purse'
There are not one, but two women wearing my boxers on the couch right now. You need to wake the fuck up.
Hate sex is AWESOME! I faked it, and when she fell asleep i came in her purse.
Drunk versus high capture the flag: what team is everybody gonna be on?
i made sure i dropped the whole "im a yoga teacher" bomb which basically roofies a guys sense of judgement and guarantees he will sleep with me.
You came into my room at 3am.. drunk.. and asked to do spanish homework together. Props for being a good student.
I just took a shit in a BP station. It seemed appropriate since they are shtting in our ocean.
Just lit a joint with steel wool and a 9 volt battery... thank you 3rd grade science class
and then when she swallowed her birth control with a shot of vodka and looked in my direction, i knew it was time to go.
I just figured I'd let u know that you bought a yacht on ebay last night
I knew my chances of getting laid had increased after she walked into my room and yelled "DICK TIME"
There is a banner on a house by campus that says "welcome to college dads. Thanks for dropping off your daughters!"
No, I was feeling sad because all of the other girls were like model-skinny. But then I remembered that I had big boobs and went to hit on their boyfriends.
you told everyone your name was brenda and you had the whole party chanting b-dawgg by the end of the night. successful.
You wanted to speak to the manager of mcdonalds as to why a "bag of cheeseburgers" isn't a menu option.
I'm worried I'm going to miss my flight so I set a series of alarms on my phone to act as checkpoints to make sure I'll be there. 2am-stop drinking; 4am-stop fucking stephanie, get some sleep; 5am-wake up, fuck stephanie once more; 6am-get to the airport
how to cook rice: 1. put random amount of rice and water in a pot 2. have sex on the kitchen floor. when you are done having sex the rice is ready
I have your camera. You have 35 naked pictures of me. you're welcome.
as soon as I walked into work this morning, my boss called me out on my hangover, patted me on the back and said I'm getting time an a half for even showing up. Did I really look that bad this morning?
They have a guy from new zealand living under their stairs.. they don't charge him rent. He just buys food and booze and bartends their house parties.
Kirsten Dunst is sitting next to me in a bar in NYC
you went around the entire night in your french maid costume dusting off the "cob webs" on everyone's crotch saying "you havent gotten any action in a while"
I was wondering why i got so many friend requests the next day...
when I forget a girls name in bed I ask her her middle name then tell her i'm gonna call her that from now on
she won't be coming home tonight because she tried stealing a baby giraffe from the zoo
You drunk dialed me talking about the stages of mitosis. There is no way you didn't ace your bio final
I GOT EATEN OUT IN A MERCEDES ON A TUESDAY NIGHT. I EARNED THIS SHIT.
girl has like over 50 stars tattooed on her front, side and back. feels like i just fucked the universe.
So does it count as really great road-head if he ran over 3 mailboxes before realizing he was off the road?
I have a king size bed, I guarantee multiple orgasms, and I'll give you a ride home in the morning. Respond quickly.
We're upstairs smoking....the password is pineapple
sometimes i think i'm bisexual but then i realize the only girl i'm attracted to is myself.
i got last night's adventure to take the garbage out when he was leaving. my vagina is THAT good.
i study at coffee shops because all these damn artsy people motivate me to work towards a real job.
and then he said he has been waiting since high school to touch my boobs
Training to be a housewife: cleaning the house and masturbating while cookies are in the oven.
i came out of the bathroom and he had christmas lights wrapped up his leg, around his boner, and down the other side
...kinda gettin a major gay vibe from you right now.
take it from a girl who woke up with a girl in her bed... you were not that drunk.
As your boss, I feel obligated to tell you that turning our management meeting into a kegger may just be the best idea you've given me yet.
I can't wait to see you, I've been doing mouth stretches for the past 2 days
Remember when we were mad at her for brining her mom on spring break? She just won the wet t-shirt contest. I think we owe her an apology.
You called information & said "connect me to johnny depp" when they told u it wasn't listed u said " try depp comma johnny he's expecting my call"
We ended up on a hotel balcony in Daytona where she lured a seagull down with a pizza crust she found in her purse and preceded to grab it out of the air by it's neck.
she has double-d's AND she knows what level Pidgeot evolves. don't tell me she's not a keeper
you scanned your fake to get into the dorm last night and when the lady told you it was the wrong card you looked at her and said this is who i am thursday night
So Ive been fucking her for the past couple months and i just found our that my grandfather and her grandmother were fuck buddies for a while. I feel like this is a new awesome family tradition that skips a generation.
I'm not saying I want a booty call. I just want what Cory and Topanga had.
you wouldn't stop saying "oil can" in the tin man voice until I gave you back your flask
I can't believe you just thanked me for a blowjob on my Facebook wall...
i'm high and 74% sure there's a monster in my closet
Busta Rhymes just yelled at me! He cut a song off and I was clapping and he looked right at me and said "don't fucking clap." I was that white guy.
Call me old fashioned, but around here we call that "out of shape."
A guy on the street just growled at me and said damnnnn. Sometimes it scares me how attractive i am.
I want to put it in a shoebox and place cottonbls around it to protect it from any harm
There's a sucker born every minute but swallowers are harder to find.
she just uttered the sweetest sentence in the english language...my stripper friends are coming over
after the first blizzard, i went out and bought a thirty and put it in a cooler and hid it out in the backyard. now the second blizzard has deposited 2 feet of snow on top of said cooler. there is a shovel and treasure map over here waiting for you
If I had a nickel for every time my parents threatened to stop paying tuition I would be a very rich man. Rich enough to pay my own tuition.
she told me i should dip my dick in chocolate and then let her blow me since it was her 2 favorite things. weird or my new valentine for this year?
Pro tip: Don't start playing Bejeweled on Facebook while waiting for your Adderall to kick in. Unless you have the next 9 hours free.
The guy in the library beside me just whipped out an entire loaf of bread, a knife and a container of peanut butter and is proceeding to make multiple sandwiches.
McDonalds has hash browns for only a quarter!....how many u want?
I would like to be the first to explain to you that if you've woken up with bruised knuckles this morning, it's because last night you tried climbing out of our car window and into the drive through window at maccas. The cashier chick freaked out and slammed the window on you and beat you around the head with her headset thingy.
I'm not 100% on this, but I'm pretty sure I just accidently talked my way into a threesome.
i should not be allowed to orgasm that much in one day.
Accidentally spilled a drink on her roommates skirt, offered to clean it, and got a blowjob out of the deal. Something went horribly right.
I smelled my fingers after she left and they smelt like sugar cookies. I want that one again.
I woke up this morning with 2 australian chicks passed out in my living room, a whole bunch of coke on my kitchen counter and I have no idea how the fuck either thing got there
i'm officially boycotting relationships. hello random hook ups and treating men like meat.
You told him you were auditioning guys for your new show: "So You Think You Can Fuck."
OH MY GOD. JESUS STRIPPER. THERE IS A JESUS STRIPPER HERE. A STRIPPER DRESSED AS JESUS.
hey..i found a takeout box with a half-eaten hamburger in it, the box said to text this number if found...
Well for starters i'm drinking vodka out of a bell pepper.
so i told him i have my period and he put his head by my vagina and said "I HATE YOU!"
You NEED to get fingered by a violinist. He used his left hand and make me cum, he's RIGHT handed.
he was fingering me to the beat of a lady gaga song. new high? new low? i don know, but i came, so whatever.
i can't believe you were mixing vodka with green tea last night and enjoying it.
i should bottle and sell it. my slogan could be "green tea vodka. antioxidating while intoxiacting. your liver will thank you. "
the fucking easter bunny is here. he just made 3 cups in a row. no one knows who he is..
this morning i woke up with my panties on and i knew where i was. success.
Sitting next to a girl in the computer cluster who just googled syphilis symtoms, started crying & got up and left. My life suddenly seems better.
About to find out how well alcohol and lazer tag mix.
Turns out they use me as an example of What Not To Do at freshman orientation. My little brother told me.
Just pulled my keys, cell-phone and a pack of cigarettes out from between my cleavage. This one guy's face was priceless.
Remember when we were trying to guess how many people could fit in my shower? The answer is 7
You asked the dj to play 'who let the dogs out" because it was your birthday. You left the bar and then re-entered to the song
i just sold a bong and some oregano to fifth graders for sixty dollars. doing something tonight?
My vagina hasn't been this smooth since I was 8. I better get laid tonight.
I dated that bitch for 9 months and didnt get as much as a hand job. I met her sister last night for the first time and smashed that...twice
I was passed out on the couch, she literally cut my boxers off with a 8" chef's knife and had her way with me.
So, apparently I made everyone omelets last night. Even when I'm drunk, I'm still a trophy wife.
What is this red stuff in a water bottle in my fridge that's labeled "not for baby turtles"?
Get everyone out of their dorms and watch 3 girls do the walk of shame from my room.
You then began crawling around in the grass with a magnifying class saying you were searching for the magic school bus.
You were so trashed that when you dropped your fruit rollup on the floor, you just sat next to it and cried.
its taking every last moral i have not to steal this bike
Well actually itd just be too hard to ride the bike with this large rake i just stole
i just set an alarm for noon. fuck yes winter break.
Last night was epic. Hooked up with Emma Watson, found twenty bucks, and then passed out on my floor.
No you didn't. You drank unbelievable amounts of 151, passed out in someone else's bathroom, and we carried you back to your floor. Nice dreams though.
My boss just called me into his office to apologize for being an "inadvertant cockblock"
I love the moment a guy admits defeat against the front clasping bra.
i'm at a party where swedish girls are dumping laundry detergent on each other because it glows in blacklight. this is awesome
you went up to him and asked if you could have "friend sex." He looked like a 7 year old on christmas morning
That's cool, I just have to let the dogs out AND SO HELP ME GOD IF YOU TEXT ME BAHA MEN LYRICS WE ARE NOT FRIENDS.
First day at work... I clogged up the office toilet on purpose to assert my dominance.
i guess i had fun last thursday night because when i got on the drunk bus this thursday night everyone immediatley started chanting my name and telling me to do a bus flip
just saw a former disney star do a keg stand. her life choices have improved.
Manager just farted into the intercom. Whole place heard it. A number of people stopped everything and looked at him. Best. Night. Ever.
He told me he loved me mid lick. Anyone that can look at me from that angle, lick my vagina, and say they love me must absolutely mean it
The only thing worse than cracking my rib on a slip and slide was having the doctors laugh when they found out in my medical history that I did this exact same thing last summer.
I looked at the bar tab this morning. The bartender added a $25 'customer asshole fee'. I have no grounds to dispute it.
I don't make the first move. Ever. Unless were playing monopoly cause that's my shit
i dont know you, but i just did a line with your business card.
Just walked in and was handcuffed to a police woman. Fire fighter woman poured franzia down my throat. Aaaaand I just ate cookies off of Little Red Riding Hood's tits.
you know how they say when you die, your whole life flashed before you? well do you get to see what happened all the nights you blacked out?
i just had a cookie in one hand and a phone in the other and tried to eat my phone...they know
i just walked in on him masterbating..to a picture of me. that definitely has to be true love.
My bra smells like weed because there's weed in my bra
Ask Niel how long his lasts if he plays with it a lot.
I honestly get shocked all over again every time I pull his pants down. It's one of those feelings you never get tired of.
I just got a ticket for the snow penis we made in our front yard.
he told me it was a naked video of him so i opened it. i just got rickrolled while sexting
He tricked me...the first song on his sex mix was trey songz but the rest were techno....i can't walk straight now
Just rolled over and found your boyfriend in bed with me. Is mine at your house?
Dude, she knew her leg was on fire and she kept dancing. Bad-fucking-ass.
you woke me up just to tell me that I was beautiful in every way possible. Then you proceeded to fall asleep with your mouth on my boob.
she is medically diagnosed as a nympho. she has the paper to prove it. hell. fucking. yeah.
Last night when I was hammered I set a reminder to tell you that your boobs are my favorite ones in the world, so this is me giving you that message.
she called me screaming that i shouldn't ignore her phone calls, because she's not trying to get me to hang out with her and she doesn't want to be my girlfriend, she just wants sex.
decided to have an easter egg hunt this year. the golden egg has weed in it and all the others have shots of vodka. who said we were too old for easter?!?
I woke up this morning with a hospital armband on containing all the information off my fake i.d. WTF did we do last night!?!?
small problem..I have a major exam in the morning so I might have to go to the library after the party
his pick up line was "wanna get a pizza and fuck?"
probably shouldnt have written that paper while wasted, its starts with once upon a time
i tried to stop you but you kept shouting "two birds with one stone!"
some guy just got out of his chair quietly. Laid down on the floor and is now asleep in between rows in my lecture hall. He must have had a rough night.
I just sneezed and had an orgasam..THAT turned on
just bought a 30 and sold it for $2 a can to some dumb ass high school kids. now lets buy two and get really drunk
She pointed at me and told her friend, I'm going to fuck him, its going to be really loud, so yes, i need the whole basement.
Facebook lets you pick usernames now. You'd better log on and get yours before homewreckingwhore is taken...
this guy literally just gave me a gold star sticker for the "stellar" blow job i gave him. ashamed? i think not.
Just walked out of 7 11 still in uniform when 4 girls in bikinis in a convertable screamed "we fuck firefighters!"
she danced around my room naked waving around the gold trojan magnum condoms singing "i have the golden ticket."
little did she know i was taping her the whole time.
I go to guys houses late at night, have a little fun, come back by dawn having made their life a little bit better. I am the official blow job fairy.
He asked if I wanted to leave my bra on while we were doing it from behind bc he read somewhere that all that pounding can be painful for big breasts. THAT thoughtful.
I just found out the guys at work had a bet as to who could sleep with me before i move away.
What's your middle initial? I need it for the census. I put us down as "unmarried partners."
No no. According to the 2010 US Census, we're gay.
I don't know what happened last night but I woke up this morning with "wolf pack" tattooed on my knuckles.
my whole body is tingling just thinking about the orgasm hes going to give me
I didnt realize til after I got out of her apartment and into the lobby that we lived in the same building.
I'm going to fuck my way out of the friend zone if its the last thing I do
holy crap !! There is a MIDGET FAMILY in one of my rooms today !
How much trouble would you get into if you were to stomp down the hallway while loudly saying 'Fe Fi Fo Fum...'
Dude just slipped a $20 into the jukebox at that restaurant we were escorted out of last Mardi GRAS. Hope they enjoy Justin Bieber's Baby cause they're gonna hear it 40 fucking times.
September 16th, captains log. I awoke in a daze, not sure of my location
Sometimes to bang a cougar u gotta play wii With her kids
I saw a seagull swallow a hot-dog whole today, it reminded me of you.
the liquor store owner came out from behind the counter and kissed my cheek when he saw that i am back for fall semester
She punched my vomit. In midair. Back into my mouth.
So I just tried to wake him up with a blow job and he literally touched the top of my head and said snooze button
I will return your cat, I saw a mouse in my apt last night and your door was unlocked, it seemed really practical
We had a complete conversation while I was giving him head, at one point he even stopped me and said 'I love how we're just hanging out.'
Sometimes I get depressed that my son is too young to understand how hot his babysitter is.
I woke on the floor next to a big TV. Apparently I traded my bed for a 52 inch samsung and a box of pop tarts.
I fucked the bump it out of her hair. just had to let everyone know.
Set off the fire alarm in our dorm at 2:30 am last night. 150 Naked people wrapped in towels shared a bag of popcorn with me as we watched the firefighters frantically search for my burnt popcorn in the building.
Sooo, drunk me had the sense of mind to write down everything that happened last night.....I bet you thought you'd get away with what you did to my parrot.
He woke me up at 4am just to lick my nipple. Then he talked in his sleep for 20 minutes about the sex we just had. I think it's safe to say he's a weird one, but I dont care cuz he fucks like a champ.
She just looked down there and said "i breed horses. this is better than anything ive ever seen."
i soberly give you permission to do that to me when im drunk
Piggyback rides are my preferred mode of transportation.
I'm sitting in class drinking a forty out of a paper bag. No ones said anything yet. I think my professor is trying to ignore me. Better start yelling louder.
I'm going to fuck him so hard that his dick is going to fracture
you're just mad because in the hogwarts world I'm Harry and you're Ron. get over it.
Any day that starts with a call from my ex-bf... crying... is a good day.
He is drunkenly eating my teddy grahms and making little growling noises as he bites the head off of each one.
I woke up at 4am on the couch with half my clothes on. And by half my clothes I mean my earrings.
When the cops knocked on the door, he just knocked back and announced "house keeping"
Her directions to the house party: "the north star will guide you, turn left. I'm wearing the potato hat"
You are the one person I know will appreciate this- and I'm aware that its nearly 5 am- but I have 3 words... G spot orgasm. BE JEALOUS
This girl just stopped in the middle of a sentence because of my blue eyes. She said she got lost in them. I am laying pipe tonight.
A freshman just referred to Home Improvement as 'tim the tool man show'. People born after 1990 are not people.
hah yeah. there was a kid puking in the bathroom and this idiot brings in a potted plant and was like "yeah he's like, not getting enough oxygen"
scratch that. I'm like 6 miles from my house in a random garage.
new hobby: convincing random sorority girls around campus that we hooked up last weekend. i'm 2 for 5.
What part of "waking up in the crawl space of my house with a raccoon" sounds like a good night to you?
I'm driving to work with an ice pack on my vagina. how was your weekend?
Turns out getting tied up to two door handles and forced to repeatedly cum is actually a really good ab workout.
who are you and why are you in my phone as dr. seuss
In case you were unaware playing with rabbits on ecstasy is the greatest thing ever. I feel like I'm ODing on adorable right now.
She started crying. I don't think she's gotten head from a sax player before.
Only in college do people pre-game a meteor shower
you were the other women for BOTH people in the relationship?
turn left when you see the girl thats puking on the sidewalk. she hasnt been moving much so she makes a good street marker
All I remember was the chick screaming "don't hookup with him! His dick's the size of a cucumber"
It was easier then trying to explain why you couldn't fly
Last night I got a napkin with 4 names & numbers: Katie, Ellen, Kylie...and Brandon.
In the middle of fucking me, she said "Hold on, I need my Hulk hands."
he calls his bong barack obonga, commander in kief. i found where i belong.
As gay men are we obligated to learn the Single Ladies dance.
He picked me up from the airport wearing nothing but a trench coat and a bow on his dick
you convinced the bartender to un-cut you off by letting him touch your boobs whenever you ordered a drink.
Are you really this nice or are you just trying to get in my pants?
see if i had a dick i'd definitely smack people in the face with it
Some ambulance just rolled up to this bar and this girl just hops out of the back and walks inside
you made your cat watch a peta video with you, so you could show it how just how good its life is
We watched 'the mighty ducks' last night and took shots every time someone quacked. I woke up this morning wearing a nothing but a hockey jersey laying next to him on the floor. He was wearing a goalie mask. I really wish I knew what happened.
I finally got laid.. you said it wouldn't happen.
i don't want a singing card. it disturbs my hangover. give me a pack of cigs taped to a bottle of wine and fuck me without a condom. happy vday baby.
my grandma was just praying before dinner, and before she could finish my gpa lifted his glass and said 'and here's to avatar!'
It's amazing how much better one feels once you put something in your vagina.
Fuck him. I'll set him on fire for you. Then we'll see how good of a firefighter he is.
Package from mother. Contents: Cookies, my old pokemon cards, and condoms. Note: "These have a July 2010 expiration date so give them away or use them with a gal that would be a great daughter in law. Love Mom" Love you too momma
sex in a ball pit. and I thought ghandi did great things.
You are in charge of making sure that her vagina explodes with joy tonight.
the EMT asked how you broke your nose and you said, "you know, the usual wear and tear."
Ok, but If I make this happen, my first born son gets to fuck your first born daughter
There is nothing wrong with wanting a slide attached to your staircase
He fingered me while we both sang the fresh prince theme song.
i chugged some hot sauce before i gave him head. i think a burning penis is a great way to say fuck you
He passed out while I was riding him, and just when I was about to call it quits he opens his eyes and squeezes my boobs and goes Honk! Honk!
Pre warning. Your not gonna sleep tonight cuz I'm staying with your roommate. Thanks for breaking up with me.
Why hello there Olivia! How are you today on this fine and most wonderful morning full of magic and adventure and awesomeness?
You brought back some girl with you at 3am and introduced her to everyone as "hot pocket"
I want to poop on a bird, just to show them what it's like.
Dont judge me. He may have been ugly but he was INCREDIBLE. He's like the Susan Boyle of sex.
You pointed at his crotch then made a thrusting motion. I think it's safe to say every guy at my college loves you.
So... I just got back from the chiropractor... And he said I have a slight neck injury from head banging too much. Fuck yes.
I'm gonna answer everything she says with 'cum on da face' until she breaks up with me...great idea or greatest idea?
he stole me 6 pairs of frilly undies and proclaimed "your ass looks like a 5 in those. it'll be a 10 in these bad boys". every girl needs a gay bff.
don't tell her this, but while we were doing it doggy style I picked up my phone and changed my status to "who let the dogs out"
I saw your arrest video on youtube. you look so thin!
When you're on the hood of a car, 10 mph feels pretty fucking fast.
there are seriously like six guinea pigs in my bathtub right now
You yelled "GET TO DA CHOPPA" and burst through her screen door and disappeared into the night. With the goose.
I woke up to 'call me' written in red lipstick on my chest. Thats the hottest/sluttiest thing ever. I win at LIFE!
Today as a vday present for myself I am walking in between any couples I see on campus.
No. He just yelled "youre having one more orgasm!" So he made that happen and then he rolled over and went to sleep.
Just got a lecture from Dad about how I need to be more responsible and start buying my weed in larger quantities so that i can save money. Like he was serious and kind of disappointed in me for not adapting to his method earlier.
dad just smoked me out. he's yelling at room service for not giving him cookies and milk with his towels...we're both too high to know if thats a legit complaint.
fuck the small talk. are you bringing the liquor tonight or am i?
Just heard her singing at the school concert... I am honored my penis was touched by those pipes
she had no gag reflex. and is an abercrombie model. i love college.
We were so tired we rock paper scissored for who would be on top. I won.
Whoa. I woke up to 10 new text messages. All about bacon.
He was like an evil genius with the clitoris. I don't stand a chance.
I was too high to figure out which of the three doors would lead me to my classroom, so i sat down in the middle of the hallway and ate a twinkie.
gonna sleep on the stairs... to drunk to keep going up, way to drunk to go down, gonna find a comfy spot right here... its safer that way
It was like what a highfive between zeus and Jesus would sound like
I have two girls sleeping in my bed naked and I ended up making it to class, what were you saying about staying in on the weekdays?
I just remembered Dan asking me all polite in the middle of sex "do you mind if I get behind you?" that was the most polite way I've been asked to do it doggy style
we are going to smoke at least three blunts before we go see Cloudy with a chance of meatballs. I'm going to have my mom make us spaghetti for when we get out so can your mom make those spicy meatballs? I thought I'd give you 9 days notice so everything's perfect.
You were dancing on the bar and fell off into the arms of the hot bartender. It was like a fairy tale, with more alcohol.
He told me his condom was going to expire tomorrow and he needed to use it. I can't believe I fell for it.
Just saw a squirrel crossing the road in a crosswalk..my morning has improved exponentially.
Good morning! Spongebob is on channel 257 when you wake up. Help yourself to breakfast. You were great last night. See you when i get back.
woke up in my one night stand's bed and barfed all over her floor. she came back from the bathroom, looked at the vomit, looked at me and said "normally i'd tell you to clean it and get the fuck out, but i remember the sex was good, so i'll let it go." Score.
She's in Spain. I'm in Holland. World Cup Final is Sunday.
Do you realize that we tried to rent a limo at 5am to come and take us to waffle house?
when the police officer said he was gonna take a picture of the car accident, you asked if you should pose on the hood
By the grace of god and the ingenuity of Alexander Graham Bell, this text message is made possibe: YOU ARE A WHORE
Its like everytime i see you, my vagina gets a heartbeat.
So Jesus turned water into wine. So what? I once turned a whole student loan into natty light. Your move holy man.
she went apple picking. why dont we do cute things like that? let's go to a pumpkin patch!
because we're not cute. we're sluts. and sluts don't go apple picking.
the brownie started to kick in before i finished the essay... it became a race against my own increasing intoxication
I just want you to know the floor between our rooms isnt sound proof "Captain Cock"
you looked up at me mid puke with tears in your eyes and asked to make sure no one took your turn at Wii
he wanted me to put the condom on for him. I was high and couldn't figure it out.. so instead we played xbox.
im going to live freely with my legs opened and my heart closed
I slept with some guy because he drew a dinosaur on my arm
Her gag reflex was as absent as a father figure must have been in her childhood
I'm sorry, but the way we fuck, they don't make condoms strong enough not to break
I had to do a class evaluation today & the girl beside me didn't fill in any bubbles she just wrote in huge letters RETIRE across the whole sheet
You passed out in the bathroom with the door locked. Had to take a shit in your litter box. Don't worry, your cat buried it for me.
jess passed out on the pong table. it was depressing until we started singing shania twain an hour later and heard her muffled voice singing along.
So guess who had sex in a Ghostbusters sleeping bag.
New record: 45 minutes. Afterwards I played We Are The Champions while we cuddled.
I gave the naked guy in the hotel hall a pop tart. He stopped crying.
Maybe you should go over there and lead him on and reach down his pants like he's about to get some and yank his balls.
so when she was in the shower, I took a pic of my dick with her phone and sent it to her brother saying, this just fucked your sister
she said "feliz nobby job" then proceeded to give me a blowjob.
he aplogized for the shitty sex and called me "ma'am" when he did it. And he wants redemption sex. Gah I love southern gentlemen.
NBC reported that a group almost has enough signatures to submit pole dancing as an Olympic sport in 2016...
you went around grabbing cigarettes out of peoples mouths and claiming you were curing cancer.
i just walked with a girl who was carrying a chair down the street. apparently she got mad at the bartender and took the bar stool when she left.
I may not go down in history, but i will definitely go down on your little sister.
Professor took us out for drinks. She said if I ordered the 64oz "Call a Cab," she'd give me an A. I drank it in 5 minutes. A+?
No worries. I'll always be there for you, just like Mufasa.
Here's the thing. I'm really high and have lots of questions about lightning.
she broke up with me and one of her excuses was constant soreness... should I be sad or proud?
due to concerns over safety, the theme of the 'naked fondue party' has now been changed to the 'naked fondue party with optional apron' please b.y.o.apron. extra prizes for most creative apron.
so whats your words to drink to for the state of the union? mine are 'change' 'fight' and 'you know'.
So they discontinued the hummer... Now people will have to go door to door to let others know they're assholes
The new Black Eyed Peas song is the stupidest shit I've heard since the last Black Eyed Peas song.
Dude you can't like a status about me getting hit by a car
She thought I was gay, so I told her I'd be more comfortable with anal. She agreed.
My social work teacher just told our class about her bicurios adventures in college
Friends are holding an intervention and have no idea this gatorade is half vodka. This is gonna be the best intervention ever.
Friday was tragic. I was naked on top of him and he didn't have a condom. Oh and he had an Obama poster on the wall in front of his bed so our president was staring down at me while I was naked. I felt sorta bad.
i was getting a blow-job tonight in the mens bathroom of a bar and the bouncer comes in and says "bro i don't mean to cock block but you cant do that here."
When I'm drunk i like to pretend my penis is zeus and instead of peeing i'm throwing lightning bolts into the toilet...it helps me focus.
I'm so cold I just used my boobs to keep my face warm
At barnes & noble, drinking beer out of thermoses, lookin legit.
I was up until 12:30 making that damned grammar test for my freshmen then I caught myself running through the verb tenses when I was giving him head.
"I have sucked, I will suck, I will have suck, I am sucking..." I've never felt more like a nerdier slut than last night.
please dont pick me up from the airport dressed like a terrorist.
the pizza man had no reaction when jackie and me opened the door naked, i guess he's used to that shit
Couple in the hotel room next to me keep fucking. When I hear her get close I call the room wait for them to stop and hang up. If I'm not getting any tonight then no one should.
they got in a fight during sex...she came out yelling and covered in chocolate
I just won a bet involving 10 tequila shots. You've got about 3 minutes
Im about to have a threesome, Ill pay you twenty bucks to go clean my room. Just throw it all in the closet.
somehow we got the entire party to start singing "ill make a man out of you" from mulan. needless to say, that kid had the best keg stand i'd ever seen.
Just wanted to let you know that I always win at "whose ex is crazier" because of you.
I mean, I'd wanted to go skinny dipping, hook up with him and have sex on a beach, so last night I basically killed 3 birds with one super slutty stone.
the first sign of life we got from you was four hours later. you smiled without opening your eyes when tom whispered in your ear we were getting buffalo wings.
is it true you fucked a yoga instructor last night??! ..and let me know if you want me to post that question on your facebook so kelly can see how happy you are without her
Hey, remember that girl at rocklobster you thought was hot but were to pussy to talk to? You were right, her boobs are fake and she gives the best head on the planet. Can you come pick me up?
He told the cop he was underage, handed the cop his ID, and the police report read "I then informed the suspect that he was not, in fact, underage"
Buying weed on Christmas. Gotta love Jewish drug dealers
Watching that soccer game was like getting kicked in the crotch for an hour and half and then coming right at the end.
Okay, guy from work I want to fuck just told me he liked the font on my PowerPoint presentation. It is so on.
He' s half Black and half Italian, I finally asked...this penis maybe one for the records.
if you do not get any action from him tonight, I am personally walking my drunk ass over there grabbing his tongue and sticking it in your mouth. this is getting ridiculous
One of my preschool students told me today that it's not pollution that makes the water in lakes unclean. It's the hobos. I was absolutely speechless. And just so proud.
There are GROWN MEN with fake HP wands flinging curses at me in Walmart.
OF COURSE THEY ARE WEIRD LOOKING, THEY ARE STALKING ME IN WALMART. WITH. FAKE. WANDS.
just found preset five on the shower head...pretty sure my pussy just had a panic attack
Look I'm sorry I shaved your cat, but get over it.
I ate one of your animal crackers. just one. ok four. but no frosting. ok frosting.
So i told my advisor i had to drop the class bc the prof said "supposably" and "irregardless" within the 1st 10 minutes of the 1st class; she agreed with me that dropping it was the best choice
so i walk in and shes blowing her vag with a hair dryer. so i asked what she was doing, she said heating up supper.. come eat ;)
i deep throated a ruler to see what my limit was...
I thought you'd have died of alcohol poisoning years ago! How'd you get my number?
Two girls I have never met just thumb wrestled to decide who gets to make out with me.
he let me duct tape his mouth because i said it was my fetish, i really just wanted him to shut up
Your noise violation report contains the word "five-some"...wtf happened in here?
We did like every position then did it again this morning. Something about him being the little boy i used to make sand castles with just made it way hotter.
just saw the guy i hooked up with last nights' face on a billboard. win.
She gave me a bj in her parent's kitchen while I ate the rest of her mom's birthday cake. Fuck. Yes.
i think i just witnessed the elusive male walk of shame
This morning my doorman told me it was an accomplishment for me to be standing and conscious after last night.
started her walk of shame as my mom and dad walked through my common room door...my dad held the door for her and told her to have a nice day
She was so happy she found her sunglasses, that she blew me. Im now randomly hiding things of hers in hopes she'll find them and I'll get a repeat performance.
every single kid we've ever known, every single person we've gotten blow jobs from, every single person we've hit home runs with... is at dennys right now
Just heard this lady walk by on her phone saying "did everyone orgasm?"
Ed hardy stationary at walmart. I'm betting snookie wishes she knew how to write
This is not a drunk text right now. This is an i want your dick text. There is a difference.
She told me to stuff her like a turkey. She actually yelled happy thanksgiving.
headbutted the bartender, tried to bite the bouncer, and pissed on a cops shoes. and i still got laid. god, it's good to be home
you dont seem to understand my overwhelming need to watch space jam right now
while fucking on the counter the whip cream was conveniently right next to us. i love thanksgiving
why do the even put the "Please drink responsibly" on tequila ads? like has anything responsible ever come from tequlia. No. never.
Dude just fell down the stars trying to leave class early, the prof just looks down at him and says"thats what you get"
Some guy said that sham wows were the same as regular shammys. needless to say you had to be restrained. you kept trying to 'slap chop' him.
I got a lot accomplished today, and the day is still young! I built a fort, hot boxed a fort, had a tea party in a fort, and now realizing how high I am.
Is today national text-a-girl-whose-had-your-dick-in-her-mouth day and I just wasn't aware?? I am getting the most random "just saying hey" texts ever and that's the only common denominator.
If I had a motorized wheelchair, I'd just chase the squirrels on campus all day.
Last night i was so high that i came home and did a taste test of every vitamin water and wrote theyre grade down on paper.
just saw a girl with a lower back tattoo of the boondock saints prayer.. i will marry her
She said, and I quote "how do you run with something that big between your legs".
She's like Mona Lisa when she's intoxicated. No one understands her but they all think she's marvelous
Next time we go to the river, we nominate you to flash people for free booze. Your tits are the biggest.
Was waiting for the adderal to kick in then realized I had been brushing my teeth for eighteen minuites
I'm walking down the halls of our hotel and listening for sex noises and knocking when I do.
we screwed to my bar mtzvah tape, I became a man while watching myself becom a man
She got mad when I told her I'd bone her mom. She got MORE mad when her mom heard, and was flattered by it. Proud to say I attract MILFS.
last night i found out that my 11 year old cousin used me as an example of what not to do in her D.A.R.E. speech. awesome.
stop texting me from phones in the verizon store and pretending to be guys i talked to when i was drunk. its confusing.
kyle and i were puking, simultaneously, off the front porch at 4 am, and in the middle of it he looks up, reaches his hand over, and says "knucks." And then I proceeded to fist bump him. By farrr the best time I've ever had puking.
If one more person calls me a lesbian I am going to have to give you head in public.
I woke up to a paper award certificate for best blow job and he was gone. You're welcome mystey man.
he threw up on me, hugged my legged and then started laughing. when i asked him why, he said "it's like the sour patch kids commercials."
He had the Transformers symbol tattooed to his chest. We had to do it doggy style so I could laugh into my pillow instead of his face.
i can't believe i had a foursome before a threesome
Went to the career fair today..I handed out many resumes to find out later that they say I have a bachelor o farts degree...Top that.
I can die happy now, I have been kicked out of strip clubs on six different continents
Oscar is the man. He keeps getting pictures of hot nude women with messages in spanish saying "i hope you like it" sent to his phone
the baller who i guess decided to give out a fake number at the bar last weekend. luckily that fake number was mine. i have enough porn to last me until next month.
I was going through my mom's high school yearbook...almost half the people who signed it referred to her as "Karen Smokejoints", "Confused Karen", or drew a picture of a joint. I have never felt more like her daughter.
can you imagine how much money lesbians save on birth control?!?
he just booty called me in advance instead of waiting til 3 am when hes trashed. i think thats really considerate and gentlemanlike.
dude stop sending me pictures of your dick in weird places. i get it. you rock out with your cock out.
for a minute I thought I needed to put on pants to go get a burrito, but then I remembered I'm in college
so i'm sitting in his room drinking tequila from the bottle and watching harry potter. he's jacking off to some porn a couple feet away from me. at one point i look over and see that he's watching me instead of the porn. please help me figure out how warped it is that i found that romantic
we are playing family charades. my sister pointed at me. everyone guessed alcoholic.
What if we had a smart house and we could just say "baked" and it would rain donuts?
I think it is impossible 2 take a person seriously when their last name is Pancake
I love when I'm alone in the house. It's like pants were never invented.
We name dropped you at the liquor store and got a ten percent discount!
Oh my god it's like Minesweeper. I can tell there's sex in three of the four rooms, but which one is the safe one?
Calvin and Hobbes are double-teaming a butterfly. They're in the bathroom, and drawing a crowd.
She fucked me because she said I looked like Neil Patrick Harris
just heard a swedish guy suck in helium and speak in his accent. top 5 favorite moments. ever.
gettin pulled by a cop with a camera crew. gonna flee. want my 15 min of fame on cops.
We're official. Living with your boyfriend sounds so much better than fucking your roommate.
Thanks for holding onto me so I didn't fall in my pee in that parking lot. You're the best boyfriend ever.
So I told her I dislocated my shoulder and she said "well okay. I can either be on top or blow you."
For once I'm glad there wasn't morning sex. Yes, that sore from the night before.
I fucked him in a hamburger. literally. he has a hamburger bed.
i don't understand how she was down there for so long, she's like a mermaid, a blowjob giving mermaid.
so you had a one ended conversation with the toilet las night in between barfs. you kept telling the toilet how strong it was because its gone through a lot of shit in its life.
Better skin, bigger boobs.. Birth control is INCREASING my chance of getting pregnant because people actually want to have sex with me now.
They had miseltoe over the keg.... thats cheating
just found the land before time on youtube... I'm so fucked for finals
I got to watch him fuck me from behind in the reflection of an ornament. so glad I decorated.
Thanks for the birthday present, i had so much fun playing with it
She rolled a blunt with one hand...and instantly I had a boner, I'm going to marry this girl.
you really do like himSo I've only had a mustache for about 5 minutes and I'm already pretty sure it's the best decision I've ever made.
I had a dream that the allstate guy hooked up with flo from the pregressive insurance commercials and she gave birth to the geico gecco. I need to stop taking ambian.
i have received so many congratulations texts this morning. sleeping with him really was a good decision.
just had cupcakes and mountain dew for dinner-now i'm playing super mario brothers. 10 year olds all over the world would kill to be me.
Xanax and allergy medicine look a lot alike when you spill them on the floor. Just saying that I still have allergies but I'm unsure if I still have legs
My ferret is drunk. Someone told me you'd know what to do?
Kinda felt bad though cuz she whimpered and shuttered a lot, i felt like i was kicking a puppy, only the puppy liked it and came a bunch
next time the cops show up in riot gear we should probably leave
taking shots each time the weatherman says Dont go out in this blizzard
So basically our separate showers turned into one shower, to save water, which turned into a bath, which turned into sex on the bed, which turned into drinking beer in the bed, and thats what the stain is from... bud light. sorry.
So apparently when I was 2, I went around drinking everybody's beer at some wedding, then passed out in a corner....
All I remember about walking back home was that I maced my shadow.
She is the perfect woman. She cooks, gives good head and doesn't care that I have a small penis.
i got totally wasted at 2pm and cleaned the house bc i was bored. my mom now supports my alcohol problem
do you remember waking up from your blackout, kissing me ever so softly on the stomach, and saying "i love you bro. so much," then passing back out?
we talked about european history as he fucked me from behind in the shower... i think it was a success
So there is a chick dressed up in a vagina costume handing out free condoms next to the dude handing out free Bibles and preaching about sin. I love college.
He noticed there was ketchup on his shirt and took it off. Noticed there were people there and put it back on. Then he saw the ketchup again. He must have taken his shirt on and off about 6 times
Disregard any previous text from the past 12 hours. Except for the one about scoring a strike while drunk bowling. Remember that one.
I just ate a whole pineapple for lunch. You should be begging to give me a bj tonight.
sitting next to michael phelps in the airport. wonder if he's carrying...
She bet her virginity on the Celtics. Looks like Kobe wont be the only one breaking in a new ring.
Just convinced airport security that im sober. All i do is win.
My tally is now official: I have been drunk every weekend since 2008. Cheers.
you were watching a documentary about sharks and wouldn't stop stroking my legs and whispering "what if they could walk?"
We had sex in his tahoe, talked about how we don't love each other and then high fived twice. Best Day Ever
The look I see on guys faces when they realize my nipples are pierced remind me of when my mom used to come home from the grocery store and surprise me with poptarts.
the girls im babysitting are trying to see how much jello they can swallow without chewing...their future boyfriends are lucky
Just got roadhead in a driving snowstorm. That shit should be a Winter X games event.
I made out with four boys last night, AND EXCUSE ME WHILE I COUNT HOW MANY GIRLS.
remember when you told me, jokingly, to not get jizz on your shirt that i borrowed last night?
through my window right now you can see the hot chick next door is standing BUTT ASS NAKED eating peanut butter off a knife.
The kids I taught this morning even knew i was drunk. One of them even said, and I quote, "You smell like my dad after he goes bowling."
my mom found me this morning spread out like jesus sleeping on the living room floor. i had a piece of bread over my eyes to block the light out
We're listening to the crystal method and doing bong hits for jesus
reason #14 for loving my boobs...just got out of a 40mph over the limit speeding ticket thru a work zone. i dont think the cop knew i even had a face
But when he came on my stomach I noticed how tan I was!
Highlight of the day: realizing the man in the car next to mine was getting road head... at 2:45pm... nicely done sir, nicely done.
If you liked it then you shoulda put your dick in it, oh uh uh oh
the best thing about dollar beer night is beer is only a dollar.
wanna get hammered and throw tomatoes at the people standing in line for the midnight showing of harry potter and yell whichcraft is evil
i'm smoking hookah in a kayak. how did this happen.
if you wouldnt have been fucking me hard and crazy like that then my bed wouldn't have broke. you owe me 600.
I just saw a Puerto Rican child between the ages of 8 and 11 with a faint mustache talking very loudly on the bluetooth in his ear about how "Skittles are played the fuck out"
Is it socially acceptable to order two burrito bowls?
anything's socially acceptable if you do it with enough confidence
idk if you're aware of this...but we could potentially have the greatest hate sex...ever.
so i made out with some dude last night at the bar. and some girl just stood there and watched. i felt bad so i made out with her too. She looked like she felt left out.
Smoked a bowl on a rollercoaster. Literally ON. Beat that.
his blackberry tasks were 1. take names and 2. kick ass
Either I get my picture taken sitting on a fuckin pony, or I'm not coming.
I just saw a midget ride by on a scooter...wearing a bowtie and a helmet. My life is complete.
He's doing the single life. He recently finished like a 3 year relationship. You can't date him.
But I don't want to date him. I just want to look at him. Naked. And in my bed.
there is no way i'm buying plan b and condoms at the same time
no do it! it shows that you acknowledge your mistakes and you are proactively working towards a solution.
how the fuck did you end up in georgia? you were here at my party dry humping some chick 2 hours ago
so you mean to tell me that there is no way you can get me?
Im going to bring a boy home tonight, and not tell him that I have my period. So when he tries to fuck me, I say no, and look really classy. Then he thinks I'm marriage material. So I give him head.
she told me that she was curious about how cum tasted. of course i left you.
That dude you fucked three years ago just won Jeopardy
The police scanner is talking about you again....
Went to the doctors. She saw my " I love beer" tattoo. All she said was " My drunken tat is of just one word. "Cornnuts.". Then said Mexico was "awesome." And sent me on my way. Yeah. She's my favorite doctor.
I woke up to a text that said "You're a fucking asshole" Why is she so pissed at me?
Im guessing it has something to do with running up to her boyfriend screaming "THIS IS SPARTA" and kicking him in the balls.
Some dude gave me a questioning look as I came out of the women's toilet. I just responded 'blowjob' and he understood, then shook my hand.
just threw up on dog. broke microwave with cheese and spoon. having a bath with my barbies singing final countdown.
before you ask yes i found the absinthe under your bed. ITS THE FINAL COUNTDOWWWWNNNNNN
It's the use of SAT words like that which make me want to use them on you
He's a navy seal. He can stick it anywhere he wants.
She made fun of how I walked so I announced to her boyfriend that I have cum on her face before.
Now i know why people get high. I sat in the same chair for about 3 hours and the only thing i worried about was how far away my chinese food was.
My mom just set up beer pong in the dining room for family game night. and you ask why I'm still living at home.
you deserved it if you knew it was backstreet boys.
I told her it just looked small because my balls were gigantic. She bought it.
i just woke up to seventeen texts from you saying all the things you would have done for a french fry.